,Title,URL,Genres,Tags,Description,Score,Users Scored,Episodes,Cast,Content Rating,Original Network,Director,Screenwriter
0,Move to Heaven,https://mydramalist.com/49231-move-to-heaven,"Life,  Drama","Uncle-Nephew Relationship, Autism, Death, Tearjerker, Mourning, Savant Syndrome, Life Lesson, Cleaning And Organizing, Autism Spectrum Disorder, Autistic Male Lead ","Han Geu Roo is an autistic 20-year-old. He works for his father’s business “Move To Heaven,” a company that specializes in crime scene cleanup, where they also collect and arrange items left by deceased people, and deliver them to the bereaved family.When Geu Roo's father dies, Geu Roo's guardianship passes to his uncle, ex-convict Cho Sang Gu, who is a martial arts fighter in underground matches. Per the father's will, Sang Gu must care for and work with Geu Roo in “Move To Heaven” for three months to gain full guardianship and claim the inheritance. Eying money, Sang Gu agrees to the conditions and moves in.(Source: MyDramaList)~~ Adapted from the nonfiction essay ""Things Left Behind"" by professional trauma cleaner Kim Sae Byul.",9.2,37411,10,"['Lee Je Hoon', 'Tang Jun Sang', 'Hong Seung Hee', 'Jung Suk Yong', 'Jung Young Joo', 'Lee Moon Shik']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),Netflix,Kim Sung Ho,Yoon Ji Ryun
1,Weak Hero Class 1,https://mydramalist.com/702267-weak-hero,"Action,  Youth,  Drama","Violence, Friendship, Bromance, School Bullying, High School, Skilled Fighter, Adapted From A Webtoon, Fight, Gang, Smart Male Lead ","Yeon Shi Eun is a model student who ranks at the top of his high school. Physically, Yeon Shi Eun appears weak, but by using his wits and psychology, he fights against the violence that takes place inside and outside of his school. (Source: Asianwiki)~~ Adapted from the webtoon “Weak Hero” (약한영웅) written by SeoPass (서패스) and illustrated by Kim Jin Seok  (김진석). ~~ Release dates: Oct 7, 2022 (Festival) || Nov 18, 2022 (Online)",9.1,25187,8,"['Park Ji Hoon', 'Choi Hyun Wook', 'Hong Kyung', 'Kim Su Gyeom', 'Lee Yeon', 'Shin Seung Ho']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),Unknown,You Su Min,Unknown
2,Hospital Playlist Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/57173-hospital-playlist-2,"Romance,  Life,  Drama,  Medical","Multiple Mains, Band, Music, Multiple Couples, Comedy, Illness, Strong Female Lead, Bromance, Divorced Male Lead, Long Distance Relationship ","Everyday is extraordinary for five doctors and their patients inside a hospital, where birth, death and everything in between coexist.(Source: Netflix)",9.1,24807,12,"['Jo Jung Suk', 'Yoo Yeon Seok', 'Jung Kyung Ho', 'Kim Dae Myung', 'Jeon Mi Do', 'Shin Hyun Bin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Netflix,  tvN",Shin Won Ho,Lee Woo Jung
3,Flower of Evil,https://mydramalist.com/54625-flower-of-evil,"Thriller,  Romance,  Crime,  Melodrama","Deception, Family Secret, Mystery, Suspense, Hidden Personality, Antisocial Personality Disorder, Investigation, Smart Female Lead, Murder, Hidden Identity ","Although Baek Hee Sung is hiding a dark secret surrounding his true identity, he has established a happy family life and a successful career. He is a loving husband and doting father to his young daughter. But his perfect façade begins to crumble when his wife, Cha Ji Won, a homicide detective, begins investigating a string of serial murders from 15 years ago. Ji Won notices changes in Hee Sung’s behavior and begins to wonder if he could possibly be hiding something from her. (Source: MyDramaList)",9.1,50509,16,"['Lee Joon Gi', 'Moon Chae Won', 'Jang Hee Jin', 'Seo Hyun Woo', 'Nam Ki Ae', 'Son Jong Hak']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,"Kim Chul Gyu,  Yoon Jong Ho",Yoo Jung Hee
4,Hospital Playlist,https://mydramalist.com/36269-doctor-playbook,"Romance,  Life,  Drama,  Medical","Multiple Mains, Slow Romance, Multiple Couples, Friendship, Bromance, Heartfelt, Slight Romance, Strong Female Lead, Healing, Nice Male Lead ","The stories of people going through their days are seemingly ordinary but actually special at the hospital, a place known as the microcosm of life, where someone is being born and someone's life meets its ending. The five doctors are long-time friends of 20 years who started their undergrad in 1999 in the same medical school and now are colleagues in the same hospital and have a band together.(Source: Korean = Naver || Translation = YeoNiverse at MyDramaList)",9.1,40658,12,"['Jo Jung Suk', 'Yoo Yeon Seok', 'Jung Kyung Ho', 'Kim Dae Myung', 'Jeon Mi Do', 'Shin Hyun Bin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Netflix,  tvN",Shin Won Ho,Lee Woo Jung
5,Alchemy of Souls,https://mydramalist.com/52939-can-this-person-be-translated,"Action,  Historical,  Romance,  Fantasy","Transmigration, Master-Disciple Relationship, Multiple Mains, Hidden Identity, Supernatural, Magical Power, Body Swap, Elemental Power, Strong Female Lead, Fake Identity ","Set in a fictional country called Daeho that does not exist in history or on maps, it is about the love and growth of young mages as they overcome their twisted fates due to a forbidden magic spell known as the ""alchemy of souls"", which allows souls to switch bodies.It follows the story of an elite assassin named Naksu, whose soul is accidentally trapped inside the weak body of Mu Deok—Jang Uk's servant from a powerful and noble mage family in the country. The young master of the Jang Family, Jang Uk, holds a dark secret about his scandalous birth. He wants the formidable assassin to help change his destiny.(Source: Soompi; The Korea Herald)",9.1,39481,20,"['Lee Jae Wook', 'Jung So Min', 'Hwang Min Hyun', 'Shin Seung Ho', 'Yoo  Joon Sang', 'Oh Na Ra']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Netflix,  tvN",Park Joon Hwa,"Hong Jung Eun,  Hong Mi Ran"
6,Reply 1988,https://mydramalist.com/13544-reply-1988,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Youth","Nostalgia, Multiple Couples, Poor Family, Love Triangle, Heartfelt, High School, Friendship, Mother-Son Relationship, Coming Of Age, Bromance ","Five childhood friends, who all live in the same Ssangmundong neighborhood of Seoul, lean on each other to survive their challenging teen years and set a path for their futures. Sung Deok Sun struggles for attention as the middle child in her poor family while also carrying the burden of her 999th ranking in school. Kim Jung Hwan only has a one-track mind for soccer, even after his family becomes rich overnight. Sung Sun Woo is the perfect student, student council president and a caring and dependable son in his family. Ryu Dong Ryong is a geek who knows more about girls and life than the rest of his friends, but his poor academic score prevents him from being able to go to college. Choi Taek is a genius baduk player who dropped out of school to go professional. As the group of friends gets into and out of mischief around the neighborhood, what experiences from these memorable times together will they carry with them into their future lives? (Source: Viki)",9.1,41195,20,"['Lee Hye Ri', 'Go Kyung Pyo', 'Ryu Joon Yeol', 'Park Bo Gum', 'Lee Dong Hwi', 'Sung Dong Il']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,"Shin Won Ho,  Yoo Hak Chan",Lee Woo Jung
7,My Mister,https://mydramalist.com/25172-my-ajusshi,"Psychological,  Life,  Drama","Nice Male Lead, Depression, Healing, Poor Female Lead, Strong Female Lead, Infidelity, Lying, Power Struggle, Deception, Grandma-Granddaughter Relationship ","Park Dong Hoon is a middle-aged engineer who is married to attorney Kang Yoon Hee. However, his life is not that happy as he has two unemployed brothers, Sang Hoon and Gi Hoon, who rely on him. Moreover, his wife is secretly having an affair with CEO Do Joon Yeong, his current boss and college junior.Receiving an unexpected bribe one day, Dong Hoon notices that his co-worker Lee Ji An witnessed the incident. Ji An is a young part-time worker at Dong Hoon's company who is drowning in debt and left alone to take care of her ill grandmother. Dong Hoon then gets entangled in his brothers' struggle to get back on their feet and the company's internal rivalry between the company's CEO and the people opposing him. All the while, unaware that CEO Joon Yeong wants to get rid of him and that Ji An is working for him.(Source: MyDramaList)",9.0,24990,16,"['Lee Sun Kyun', 'IU', 'Park Ho San', 'Song Sae Byuk', 'Lee Ji Ah', 'Kim Young Min']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,"Kim Won Suk,  Kim Sang Woo",Park Hae Young
8,Under the Queen's Umbrella,https://mydramalist.com/705857-umbrella,"Historical,  Comedy,  Drama,  Political","Motherhood, Mother-Son Relationship, Palace Setting, Black Comedy, Queen Female Lead, Joseon Dynasty, Royal Family, Royalty, Historical Fiction, Prince Supporting Character ","Within the palace exist troublemaking princes who cause nothing but headaches for the royal family and are about to be turned into proper crown princes. Their mother, Im Hwa Ryeong,  is the wife of a great king. But instead of having an aura of elegance and grace, she is a prickly, sensitive, and hot-tempered queen. Once more serene, she changed since people kept pushing her buttons.  She is a queen who sometimes abandons her pride and is even known to swear!  Every day of her life is full of trials, but she withstands them all, for the sake of her children.(Source: Soompi)",9.0,11043,16,"['Kim Hye Soo', 'Kim Hae Sook', 'Choi Won Young', 'Kim Eui Sung', 'Moon Sang Min', 'Ok Ja Yeon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Netflix,  tvN",Kim Hyung Shik,Park Ba Ra
9,The Glory Part 2,https://mydramalist.com/745581-the-glory-season-2,"Thriller,  Drama,  Melodrama","Revenge, Graphic Violence, Brief Nudity, Suspense, Strong Female Lead, Domestic Violence, Trauma, Family Abuse, Perpetrator-Victim Relationship, Nudity ","Moon Dong Eun's silent fury against those students that horrifically abused her during her high school years continues to burn inside of her. She meticulously executes her plan to inflict ultimate pain on her tormentors. Meanwhile, the sudden disappearance of Son Myeong Oh has gotten the attention of the police and his friends. Joo Yeo Jeong follows Moon Dong Eun and is willing to do anything she asks in her pursuit of revenge. Before Moon Dong Eun begins her final moves, she offers her nemesis Park Yeon Jin a chance to save herself if she turns in to the police, but Park Yeon Jin has her own plans to stop Moon Dong Eun. A violent and bloody game of nerves plays out between these rivals.(Source: AsianWiki)",9.0,32439,8,"['Song Hye Kyo', 'Lee Do Hyun', 'Im Ji Yeon', 'Yeom Hye Ran', 'Park Sung Hoon', 'Jung Sung Il']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),Netflix,Ahn Gil Ho,Kim Eun Sook
10,Dr. Romantic Season 3,https://mydramalist.com/711113-dr-romantic-3,"Romance,  Drama,  Medical","Hospital Setting, Teamwork, Genius Male Lead, Surgeon Male Lead, Neurosurgeon Male Lead, Hospital Director Male Lead, Doctor Female Lead, Doctor Male Lead, Hardworking Male Lead, Hardworking Female Lead ","At Doldam Hospital, Dr. Kim Sa Bu and his team are committed to saving lives. After three years, a state-of-the-art trauma centre is set to open, equipped with the latest in medical technology.Prior to the centre's official opening, however, a crisis unfolds on a North Korean ship that's drifted into South Korean waters. Doctors from Doldam Hospital fly out to help the critically injured aboard the ship. However, the patients need to be transported to the hospital. To complicate matters, the South Korean government wants the North Korean patients returned to their country as part of diplomatic efforts with their neighbouring country.Amidst the chaos, Cha Jin Man—the father of Cha Eun Jae and a former rival of Dr. Kim Sa Bu—is brought on board to run the new trauma centre. (Source: AsianWiki; edited by MyDramaList)",9.0,7195,16,"['Han Seok Kyu', 'Lee Sung Kyung', 'Ahn Hyo Seop', 'Kim Joo Heon', 'So Ju Yeon', 'Jin Kyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Yoo In Shik,Kang Eun Kyung
11,Crash Landing on You,https://mydramalist.com/35729-emergency-lands-of-love,"Military,  Comedy,  Romance,  Political","North And South Korea, Strong Male Lead, Rich Female Lead, Fate, Nice Male Lead, Calm Male Lead, Strong Female Lead, Friendship, Smart Female Lead, Soulmates ","After getting into a paragliding accident, South Korean heiress Yoon Se Ri crash lands in North Korea. There, she meets North Korean army officer Ri Jung Hyuk, who agrees to help her return to South Korea. Despite the tension between their countries, the two of them start falling for one another.(Source: queen of repressed rage at MyDramaList)",9.0,92151,16,"['Hyun Bin', 'Son Ye Jin', 'Seo Ji Hye', 'Kim Jung Hyun', 'Yang Kyung Won', 'Lee Shin Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Netflix,  tvN",Lee Jeong Hyo,Park Ji Eun
12,Prison Playbook,https://mydramalist.com/22624-wise-prison-life,"Comedy,  Crime,  Life,  Drama","Life Lesson, Bromance, Wrongfully Accused, Strong Male Lead, Slight Romance, Character Development, Murder, Prison Setting, Black Comedy, Baseball ","Kim Je Hyuk, a famous baseball player, is arrested after using excessive force while chasing a man trying to sexually assault his sister. Shockingly to him and the rest of the nation, he is sentenced to a year in prison. There, he meets his childhood friend and fellow baseball player, Lee Joon Ho, who gave up on baseball after a car accident, but now is a prison guard and one of Je Hyuk's biggest fans. The drama revolves around Je Hyuk's time in prison, as well as the prisoners he meets and events that take place there.(Source: MyDramaList)",9.0,26561,16,"['Park Hae Soo', 'Jung Kyung Ho', 'Krystal Jung', 'Im Hwa Young', 'Ye Soo Jung', 'Kim Kyung Nam']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Netflix,  tvN",Shin Won Ho,"Jung Bo Hoon,  Lee Woo Jung"
13,Mr. Queen,https://mydramalist.com/58365-queen-cheorin,"Historical,  Comedy,  Romance,  Fantasy","Transmigration, Sassy Female Lead, Joseon Dynasty, Eccentric Female Lead, Calm Male Lead, Time Travel, Marriage Of Convenience, Smart Male Lead, Nice Male Lead, Gender Swap ","Jang Bong Hwan is a South Korean chef who has risen up the ranks to cook for the country’s top politicians in the Blue House’s presidential residences. After a serious accident, he finds himself in the body of the young queen, Kim So Yong, when whisked away to an era deep in Korea’s past.While Queen Kim So Yong’s husband is the reigning monarch, King Cheol Jong, he is so in name only. The late King Sunjo’s Queen, Sun Won, has taken advantage of King Cheol Jong’s better nature, and is ruling the realm in his name. And she faces competition from her own brother, Kim Jwa Geun, who also has designs on power. Queen Kim So Yong will come to  discover that her husband harbours some secrets, and is not as gentle and meek as he seems…(Source: Viki, MyDramaList)~~ Adapted from the novel ""The Promotion Record of a Crown Princess"" (太子妃升职记) by Xian Cheng (鲜橙).",9.0,39653,20,"['Shin Hye Sun', 'Kim Jung Hyun', 'Bae Jong Ok', 'Kim Tae Woo', 'Jo Yun Hee', 'Seol In Ah']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Yoon Sung Shik,"Park Kye Ok,  Choi Ah Il"
14,Mother,https://mydramalist.com/21308-mother,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Psychological,  Melodrama","Mother-Daughter Relationship, Independent Female Lead, Smart Female Lead, Child Abuse, Adoption, Strong Female Lead, Suspense, Orphan Female Lead, Motherhood, Investigation ","Realizing one of her students is being abused, school teacher and bird researcher Soo Jin impulsively kidnaps the girl and acts as a substitute mother in an attempt to take care of her.(Source: MyDramaList)",9.0,8708,16,"['Lee Bo Young', 'Heo Yool', 'Lee Hye Young', 'Go Sung Hee', 'Lee Jae Yoon', 'Go Bo Gyeol']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,"Kim Chul Gyu,  Yoon Hyun Gi",Jung Seo Kyung
15,Extraordinary Attorney Woo,https://mydramalist.com/705723-strange-lawyer-woo-young-woo,"Law,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","Autistic Female Lead, Autism, Attorney Female Lead, Smart Female Lead, Workplace Setting, Nice Male Lead, Father-Daughter Relationship, Courtroom Setting, Single Mother/Father Supporting Character, Slow Burn Romance ","Diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder, 27-year-old Woo Young Woo graduated at the top of her class from the prestigious Seoul National University for both college and law school due to her high IQ of 164, impressive memory, and creative thought process. Working as a lawyer, she finds herself struggling when it comes to social interactions.(Source: Soompi; Edited by MyDramaList)",9.0,52538,16,"['Park Eun Bin', 'Kang Tae Oh', 'Kang Ki Young', 'Jeon Bae Soo', 'Baek Ji Won', 'Jin Kyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"ENA,  Netflix",Yoo In Shik,Moon Ji Won
16,It's Okay to Not Be Okay,https://mydramalist.com/49865-psycho-but-it-s-okay,"Psychological,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Possessive Female Lead, Independent Female Lead, Successful Female Lead, Melodrama, Healing, Selfless Male Lead, Badass Female Lead, Psychiatry, Childhood Connection, Trauma ","Moon Gang Tae is a community health worker at a psychiatric ward who was blessed with everything including a great body, smarts, ability to sympathize with others, patience, ability to react quickly, stamina, and more. Meanwhile, Ko Moon Young is a popular writer of children’s literature who, due to suffering from an antisocial personality disorder, seems extremely selfish, arrogant, and rude.Moon Gang Tae denies love and Ko Moon Young doesn’t know it. The two defy fate and fall in love, finding their souls and identities in the process. (Source: Soompi & Koreandrama.org)",9.0,92949,16,"['Kim Soo Hyun', 'Seo Yea Ji', 'Oh Jung Se', 'Park Gyu Young', 'Jang Young Nam', 'Kim Chang Wan']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Netflix,  tvN","Park Shin Woo,  Jung Dong Yoon",Jo Yong
17,Alchemy of Souls Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/733261-alchemy-of-souls-part-2,"Action,  Historical,  Romance,  Fantasy","Magical Power, Strong Male Lead, Marriage Of Convenience, Fantasy World, Smart Male Lead, Birth Secret, Nice Male Lead, Transmigration, Supernatural, Antihero Male Lead ","Jang Uk returns from death, and three years later, the story of the mages unfolds anew. Jang Uk becomes a hunter of the soul-shifters when a young woman, a prisoner in her own home, seeks his help to reclaim her freedom.(Source: Netflix)",8.9,28297,10,"['Lee Jae Wook', 'Go Youn Jung', 'Hwang Min Hyun', 'Shin Seung Ho', 'Yoo  Joon Sang', 'Oh Na Ra']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Netflix,  tvN","Park Joon Hwa,  Bae Hyun Jin","Hong Jung Eun,  Hong Mi Ran"
18,Navillera,https://mydramalist.com/59381-navillera,"Life,  Drama","Ballet, Life Lesson, Unusual Friendship, Adapted From A Webtoon, Second Chance, Father-Son Relationship, Character Development, Grandpa-Granddaughter Relationship, Bromance, Kind Male Lead ","A 70-year-old with a dream and a 23-year-old with a gift lift each other out of harsh realities and rise to the challenge of becoming ballerinos.Shim Deok Chool has had a life long dreaming of performing ballet. He is 70-years-old and retired from his job as a post office employee. Due to life situations, he put aside his dream of becoming a ballet dancer and worked a normal job to support his family. Now, Shim Deok Chool makes the decision to pursue his dream again. His family, including his wife and adult children, are not happy with his decision, but Shim Deok Chool does not waver in pursuing his life long dream. He joins a ballet company to learn ballet. There, he meets Lee Chae Rok.Lee Chae Rok is a 23-year-old man. While growing up, he played different sports like baseball, swimming, and soccer, but he wasn't talented in any of those activities. He then became interested in ballet. His mother was a ballet dancer, but she died from a disease when Lee Chae Rok was young. His father later went bankrupt. Lee Chae Rok learned that he has a talent for ballet, but, after pursuing ballet, he barely has contact with his father and he has a hard time supporting himself financially. Going through hard times, his desire for ballet fades away. At this time, Sim Deok Chool appears in front of him.(Source: Netflix, AsianWiki)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Navillera” (나빌레라) written by Hun and illustrated by Ji Min.",8.9,15930,12,"['Park In Hwan', 'Song Kang', 'Na Moon Hee', 'Hong Seung Hee', 'Kim Tae Hoon', 'Yoon  Ji Hye']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Netflix,  tvN",Han Dong Hwa,Lee Eun Mi
19,Vincenzo,https://mydramalist.com/61371-vincenzo,"Comedy,  Law,  Crime,  Drama","Mafia, Revenge, Slight Romance, Eccentric Female Lead, Smart Male Lead, Injustice, Black Comedy, Corrupt Legal System, Badass Male Lead, Skilled Killer ","At the age of eight, Park Joo Hyeong left for Italy after being adopted. Now an adult, he is known as Vincenzo Cassano and employed by a Mafia family as a consigliere. Due to warring Mafia factions, he flies to South Korea where he gets involved with lawyer Hong Cha Young. She is the type of attorney who will do anything to win a case. Now back in his motherland, he gives an unrivalled conglomerate a taste of his own medicine—with a side of his own version of justice.(Source: Netflix, AsianWiki)",8.9,71112,20,"['Song Joong Ki', 'Jeon Yeo Been', 'Ok Taec Yeon', 'Kim Yeo Jin', 'Jo Han Chul', 'Kwak Dong Yeon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Netflix,  tvN",Kim Hee Won,Park Jae Bum
20,Signal,https://mydramalist.com/13239-signal,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Sci-Fi","Different Timelines, Butterfly Effect, Murder, Hwaseong Serial Murders, Suspense, Investigation, Death, Tragic Past, Corruption, Time Altering ","Fifteen years ago, a young girl was kidnapped on the way from school, and Park Hae Yeong, who was an elementary school student at that time, witnessed the crime. A few days later, the girl was found dead, and the police were not able to find the culprit. As time went by, Hae Yeong started distrusting the police. Fifteen years later, Hae Yeong is now a police officer and criminal profiler. One day, he finds a walkie-talkie that allows him to get in contact with Detective Lee Jae Han who is in the past. Police officers Hae Yeong, Jae Han, and Cha So Hyun then set out on a journey to solve cold cases.(Source: MyDramaList)",8.9,31118,16,"['Lee Je Hoon', 'Kim Hye Soo', 'Jo Jin Woong', 'Kim Won Hae', 'Lee Yoo Joon', 'Jang Hyun Sung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Kim Won Suk,Kim Eun Hee
21,The Glory,https://mydramalist.com/685237-untitled-kim-eun-sook-project,"Thriller,  Drama,  Melodrama","Revenge, School Bullying, School Violence, Strong Female Lead, Social Issues, Sexual Content, Antiheroine Female Lead, Doctor Male Lead, Teacher Female Lead, Time Skip ","A high school student dreams of becoming an architect. However, she had to drop out of school after suffering from brutal school violence. Years later, the perpetrator gets married and has a kid. Once the kid is in elementary school, the former victim becomes her homeroom teacher and starts her thorough revenge towards the perpetrators and bystanders of her bullying days.(Source: Soompi)",8.9,42703,8,"['Song Hye Kyo', 'Lee Do Hyun', 'Im Ji Yeon', 'Yeom Hye Ran', 'Park Sung Hoon', 'Jung Sung Il']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),Netflix,Ahn Gil Ho,Kim Eun Sook
22,The Good Bad Mother,https://mydramalist.com/733003-bad-mother,"Comedy,  Life,  Drama,  Family","Mean Mother, Mother-Son Relationship, Village Setting, Death Of A Husband, Age Regression, Farmer Female Lead, Illness, Family Relationship, Cold Man/Warm Woman, Childhood Friends' Relationship ","Young Soon is a single mother and pig farmer who raised her son Kang Ho alone. Despite her love for him, her strict parenting caused Kang Ho to view her as a bad mother. As an adult, Kang Ho became a cold-hearted prosecutor and kept his distance from his mother. However, an unexpected accident caused him to return to his hometown and start over with Young Soon. Kang Ho's childhood friend Mi Joo, known for her warm heart and strong sense of justice, also reconnected with him after his accident, leading to a transformative experience for her.(Source: CK Warrior at MyDramaList)",8.9,15381,14,"['Ra Mi Ran', 'Lee Do Hyun', 'Ahn Eun Jin', 'Yoo In Soo', 'Choi Moo Sung', 'Jung Woong In']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"jTBC,  Netflix,  TVING",Shim Na Yeon,Bae Se Young
23,Kingdom Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/32220-kingdom-2,"Thriller,  Historical,  Horror,  Supernatural","Zombies, Corruption, Strong Male Lead, Gore, Strong Female Lead, Power Struggle, Smart Female Lead, Death, Greed, Joseon Dynasty ","Following the events in season one, waves of the undead threaten to reach the capital. In an attempt to save the people during the plague and regain his right to the throne, Crown Prince Lee Chang pursues Jo Hak Joo to overthrow him, while the Queen is in a race against time to produce an heir to the throne. (Source: MyDramaList)",8.9,23958,6,"['Joo Ji Hoon', 'Bae Doo Na', 'Kim Sung Gyu', 'Ryu Seung Ryong', 'Kim  Sang Ho', 'Jun Suk Ho']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),Netflix,"Kim Sung Hoon,  Park In Je",Kim Eun Hee
24,Happiness,https://mydramalist.com/690709-happiness,"Action,  Thriller,  Drama,  Sci-Fi","Disease, Strong Female Lead, Virus, Detective Male Lead, Slow Burn Romance, Survival, Infectious Disease, Smart Male Lead, Zombies, Fake Marriage ","Yoon Sae Bom is a special agent with quick wits and reflexes and another special quality. She earns the opportunity to move into a new apartment set aside for civil servants in a coveted apartment complex by pretending to marry high school friend Jung Yi Hyun. Yi Hyun is a detective investigating the spread of a mysterious disease. They are trapped in their apartment building when Han Tae Seok, head of the task force to control the spread of the disease, orders the complex to be sealed off from the rest of the city.  Quarantine and disease reveal a social caste system, bringing out the best and worst of the apartment residents.(Source: MyDramaList)",8.9,36200,12,"['Han Hyo Joo', 'Park Hyung Sik', 'Jo  Woo Jin', 'Lee Joon Hyuk', 'Park Joo Hee', 'Baek Hyun Jin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"TVING,  tvN",Ahn Gil Ho,Han Sang Woon
25,Mr. Sunshine,https://mydramalist.com/23920-mr.-sunshine,"Military,  Historical,  Romance,  Melodrama","Strong Male Lead, Independent Female Lead, Strong Female Lead, Smart Male Lead, Bromance, Imperialism, Gun Violence, Rebellion, Female Lead Action Scenes, Japanese Colonial Rule ","Mr. Sunshine centers on a young boy born into a house servant's family who travels to the United States during the 1871 Shinmiyangyo (U.S. expedition to Korea). He returns to his homeland later as a U.S. marine officer. He meets and falls in love with an aristocrat’s daughter. At the same time, he discovers a plot by foreign forces to colonize Korea.",8.9,23642,24,"['Lee Byung Hun', 'Kim Tae Ri', 'Yoo Yeon Seok', 'Byun Yo Han', 'Kim Min Jung', 'Kim Gab Soo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Netflix,  tvN",Lee Eung Bok,Kim Eun Sook
26,Taxi Driver Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/705589-taxi-driver-2,"Action,  Thriller,  Mystery,  Crime","Skilled Fighter, Teamwork, Revenge, Taxi Setting, Compassionate Male Lead, Undercover Operation, Slight Comedy, Organized Crime, Episodic Format, Graphic Violence ","Despite disbanding after Do Gi's successful revenge, the Rainbow Deluxe Taxi crew, including Seong Cheol, Go Eun, Gyeong Gu, and Jin Eon, can't resist the call to reunite with their former leader. Though each attempts to live a regular life with a typical job, their innate desire to fight against injustice draws them back to one another. The group even welcomes a new member, a kind-hearted but clumsy young man named On Ha Jun, who stumbles upon the secret basement of Rainbow Taxi.Now fighting for more clients than ever before, the crew continues to battle on behalf of those wronged by an unequal society. However, their work draws the attention of a mysterious organization, which makes its presence known by killing one of Do Gi's targets before disappearing without a trace. As they try to uncover the organization's identity and motives, the Rainbow Taxi crew faces their toughest challenge yet.(Source: Viu; edited by CK Warrior at MyDramaList)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""The Deluxe Taxi"" (모범택시) by Carlos (까를로스) and Keukeu Jae Jin (크크재진).",8.9,8165,16,"['Lee Je Hoon', 'Kim Eui Sung', 'Pyo Ye Jin', 'Jang Hyuk Jin', 'Bae Yoo Ram', 'Shin Jae Ha']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),"SBS,  ViuTV",Lee Dan,Oh Sang Ho
27,Tomorrow,https://mydramalist.com/695963-tomorrow,"Action,  Thriller,  Drama,  Fantasy","Grim Reaper Female Lead, Grim Reaper Male Lead, Underworld, Attempted Suicide, Death, Suicide, Afterlife, Suicide Prevention, Coma, Team Leader Female Lead ","Choi Joon Woong seeks a job, but it's hard for him to get hired. One night, he witnesses a man trying to end his life and decides to stop him. He gets acquainted with grim reapers Koo Ryeon and Im Ryoong Gu, who belong to a crisis management team. Their purpose is to prevent people from committing suicide. After Joon Woong ends up in a coma and becomes half-human and half-spirit, he is employed by a company of grim reapers as the newest member of the crisis management team.(Source: Netflix, s a r a at MyDramaList)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Tomorrow"" (내일) by Llama (라마).",8.9,34302,16,"['Kim Hee Sun', 'Rowoon', 'Lee Soo Hyuk', 'Yun Ji On', 'Kim Hae Sook', 'Kim Nu Ri']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"MBC,  Netflix","Kim Tae Yoon,  Sung Chi Wook","Park Ran,  Park Ja Kyung,  Kim Yu Jin"
28,Tale of the Nine-Tailed 1938,https://mydramalist.com/712521-tale-of-the-nine-tailed-season-2,"Historical,  Horror,  Romance,  Fantasy","Nine-tailed Fox, Action, 1930s, Strong Male Lead, Bromance, Supernatural, Brothers' Relationship, Badass Male Lead, Nice Male Lead, Reincarnation ","An unexpected case leads Lee Yeon back in time to 1938, where he reencounters Ryu Hong Joo. Once a guardian spirit of the mountain in the west, she's now the owner of a high-end restaurant in the capital city of Gyeongseong. He also meets his younger brother Lee Rang. Meanwhile, another former guardian spirit and ex-friend Cheon Moo Young has become hostile. Lee Yeon struggles to return to the present, to his loved one.(Source: AsianWiki; edited by MyDramaList)",8.9,7217,12,"['Lee Dong Wook', 'Kim So Yeon', 'Kim Bum', 'Ryu Kyung Soo', 'Kim Yong Ji', 'Hwang Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,"Kang Shin Hyo,  Jo Nam Hyung",Han Woo Ri
29,Healer,https://mydramalist.com/10814-healer,"Action,  Thriller,  Mystery,  Romance","Double Identity, Hidden Identity, Smart Male Lead, Strong Male Lead, Childish Female Lead, Fight, Hardworking Female Lead, Sassy Female Lead, Trauma, Badass Male Lead ","Seo Jung Hoo is a special kind of night courier, known only as ""Healer"" by his clients. For the right price and with the help of a genius hacker, he gets his clients whatever they want, as long as it doesn't involve murder. His latest job leads him to a second-rate tabloid writer, Chae Young Shin, and the successful reporter, Kim Moon Ho. He begins to uncover the mystery of his own shared past with the two reporters, thus putting them all in danger.",8.8,66248,20,"['Ji Chang Wook', 'Park Min Young', 'Yoo Ji Tae', 'Kim  Mi Kyung', 'Park Sang Won', 'Do Ji Won']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Lee Jung Sub,  Kim Jin Woo",Song Ji Na
30,Goblin,https://mydramalist.com/18452-goblin,"Comedy,  Romance,  Fantasy,  Melodrama","Supernatural, Older Man/Younger Woman, Interspecies Romance, Dokkaebi, Fate, Bromance, Death, Heartfelt, Tearjerker, Soulmates ","Kim Shin was once an unbeatable general in Goryeo's military who died a tragic death. He now possesses immortality but is tired of living while everyone else around him dies. For 900 years, Kim Shin has searched for his bride, a mortal who can pull out the sword and end his life. One day, he encounters Ji Eun Tak, a positive, upbeat high school student who can see the dead and has gone through tragic events, yet still stays strong. She claims to be the Goblin's bride who can end his immortal life, but what appears to be an easy task, only gets complicated, as the two fall in love.(Source: AJ at MyDramaList)",8.8,109652,16,"['Gong Yoo', 'Kim Go Eun', 'Lee Dong Wook', 'Yoo In Na', 'Yook Sung Jae', 'Lee El']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Lee Eung Bok,Kim Eun Sook
31,Mouse,https://mydramalist.com/58953-mouse,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Psychological,  Sci-Fi","Murder, Investigation, Character Development, Dark Fiction, Suspense, Flashback To Past, Grandma-Granddaughter Relationship, Death, Sexual Assault, Child Sexual Abuse ","A suspenseful story that asks the key question, “What if we could identify psychopaths in advance?” A crazed serial killer’s ruthless murders have left the entire nation gripped with fear, and chaos reigns. Justice-seeking rookie police officer, Jung Ba Reum, comes face to face with the killer. While he survives his dangerous encounter with the psychopath, Jung Ba Reum finds his life completely changing before his eyes.(Source: MyDramaList)",8.8,19312,20,"['Lee Seung Gi', 'Lee Hee Joon', 'Park Ju Hyun', 'Kyung Soo Jin', 'Woo Ji Hyun', 'Ahn Jae Wook']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),tvN,"Choi Joon Bae,  Kang Cheol Woo",Choi Ran
32,Stranger,https://mydramalist.com/21934-stranger,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Law,  Drama","Suspense, Investigation, Corruption, Crime Solving Duo, Murder, Calm Male Lead, Alexithymia, Emotionless Male Lead, Strong Female Lead, Smart Female Lead ","Hwang Shi Mok underwent brain surgery as a child to curb his violent temper, which left him devoid of emotions. Hwang becomes a prosecutor known for his piercing intelligence and logic, but he is ostracized because he lacks empathy and social skills. He is also one of only a handful of upright prosecutors who have refused to take bribes. One day, he encounters a stabbing victim while investigating corruption. He meets Lieutenant Han Yeo Jin at the crime scene. They join forces to root out corruption at the prosecutors’ office and solve a serial murder case.(Source: Viki; Waverlyroot at MyDramaList)",8.8,21328,16,"['Cho Seung Woo', 'Bae Doo Na', 'Lee Joon Hyuk', 'Yoo Jae Myung', 'Shin Hye Sun', 'Choi Jae Woong']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Netflix,  tvN",Ahn Gil Ho,Lee Soo Yeon
33,The Red Sleeve,https://mydramalist.com/61399-dress-sleeved-red,"Historical,  Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Noble Man/Common Woman, Death, Tearjerker, Joseon Dynasty, Strong Male Lead, Male Chases Female First, Smart Female Lead, Master-Servant Relationship, Strong Female Lead, King Male Lead ","In Korea during the second half of the 1700s, Yi San is an aloof and perfection-loving young prince. His father’s killing haunts him, although it leaves him in the position to take the throne once his grandfather – the cruel and ruthless current king responsible for Yi San’s father’s death – dies. He has resolved to become a benevolent monarch who will reform the law when he eventually takes the throne, but the way his father was killed has scarred him emotionally.At court, he meets a young woman named Sung Deok Im. Yi San falls in love with her and tries to convince her to become his official concubine. But Sung Deok Im is strong-willed and free-spirited. She is also intelligent enough to understand that becoming a royal consort to the future king is a prestigious role, but one that would restrict her freedom and likely bring her little in the way of joy. But Yi San’s love for Sung Deok Im is true, and she starts to understand that forming a union with him could ultimately benefit his troubled realm.(Source: Viki)~~ Adapted from the novel ""The Sleeve's Red Cuff"" (옷소매 붉은 끝동) by Kang Mi Kang (강미강).",8.8,15689,17,"['Lee Jun Ho', 'Lee Se Young', 'Kang Hoon', 'Lee Deok Hwa', 'Park Ji Young', 'Jang Hee Jin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"MBC,  Viki","Jung Ji In,  Song Yeon Hwa",Jung Hae Ri
34,The Uncanny Counter,https://mydramalist.com/62085-a-wonderful-rumor,"Action,  Mystery,  Drama,  Supernatural","Special Power, Righteous Male Lead, Found Family, Evil Spirit, Teamwork, Strong Female Lead, Orphan Male Lead, Multiple Mains, Spirit, Childhood Trauma ","It tells the story of demon hunters called Counters who come to earth under the guise of being employees at a noodle restaurant in order to capture evil spirits that have returned to earth in pursuit of eternal life.So Moon is the youngest of the Counters. After suffering from a mysterious car accident as a child, he eventually becomes a central figure among the Counters.Do Ha Na has the ability to sense the locations of evil spirits, even those that are hundreds of kilometers away. She can also read the memories of others through touch and works with So Moon to do away with evil spirits.Ga Mo Tak is a Counter with incredible strength. He’s a former police officer who lost his memory seven years ago after an accident and is unable to stand idle in the face of injustice. Ga Mo Tak is also So Moon’s mentor.Chu Mae Ok is a Counter with healing abilities. Outwardly, she’s the chef of the noodle restaurant, but among the Counters, she is the emotional pillar of the group.Choi Jang Mool is the oldest Counter. He’s in charge of all of the Counters’ expenses, and he is a living legend among the Counters in Korea.(Source: Soompi)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Amazing Rumor” (경이로운 소문) by Jang Yi (장이).",8.8,41530,16,"['Cho Byeong Kyu', 'Yoo  Joon Sang', 'Kim Se Jeong', 'Yeom Hye Ran', 'Ahn Suk Hwan', 'Lee Hong Nae']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Netflix,  OCN",Yoo Seon Dong,"Kim Sae Bom,  Yeo Ji Na"
35,Twenty-Five Twenty-One,https://mydramalist.com/695149-twenty-five-twenty-one,"Romance,  Life,  Drama,  Melodrama","Coming Of Age, Nostalgia, Fencing, Nice Male Lead, Friendship, Character Development, Competition, IMF Crisis, High School To Working Life, Reporter Male Lead ","In a time when dreams seem out of reach, a teen fencer pursues big ambitions and meets a hardworking young man who seeks to rebuild his life.Na Hee Do is a member of her high school fencing team. Due to the South Korean financial crisis, the high school fencing team gets disbanded. Getting through all the difficulties, she becomes a member of the national fencing team.The South Korean financial crisis also causes Baek Yi Jin’s father's business to go bankrupt. This leads to a life change for Baek Yi Jin, from living the life of a wealthy person to a poor person. While studying, he works part-time jobs like delivering newspapers. Later, he becomes a sports reporter for a broadcasting network.(Source: Netflix, AsianWiki)",8.8,40535,16,"['Kim Tae Ri', 'Nam Joo Hyuk', 'Bona', 'Choi Hyun Wook', 'Lee Joo Myung', 'Seo Jae Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Netflix,  tvN","Jung Ji Hyun,  Kim Seung Ho",Kwon Do Eun
36,D.P.,https://mydramalist.com/59001-d-p-dog-day,"Action,  Military,  Drama","Military Abuse, Violence, Bromance, Desertion, Harassment, Dark Fiction, Humiliation, Adapted From A Webtoon, Sexual Assault, Miniseries ","Private soldier Jun Ho is a confused youth who served in the military normally like other Koreans. One day, he suddenly becomes a member of the military defector arrest team. As such, he is tasked with capturing deserters and must grapple with the more troubling cases of why some soldiers feel they have no other choice but go absent without official leave.(Source: NamuWiki, DramaWiki)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""D.P Dog Day"" (D.P 개의 날) by Kim Bo Tong (김보통).",8.8,24690,6,"['Jung Hae In', 'Koo Kyo Hwan', 'Kim Sung Kyun', 'Son Suk Ku', 'Hong Kyung', 'Jo Hyun Chul']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Netflix,Han Jun Hee,Kim Bo Tong
37,SKY Castle,https://mydramalist.com/30740-sky-castle,"Mystery,  Psychological,  Drama","Family Secret, Social Commentary, Family Pressure, Satire, Multiple Mains, Sibling Rivalry, Birth Secret, Female Centered Plot, Suicide, Black Comedy ","Han Seo Jin, Noh Seung Hye, Jin Jin Hee, and Lee Myung Joo all live with their families in SKY Castle, a luxury private neighborhood hosting wealthy doctors and professors. All of the women wish for their children to enter prestigious universities and are actively supporting their education.Following the acceptance of Myung Joo’s son into Seoul National University as a medical student, an incident occurs, resulting in the family quickly moving out. To the surprise of Sky Castle’s residents, Lee Soo Im and her inferior family move in. After interacting with the families there, Soo Im takes it upon herself to help the stressed children by challenging the other women of SKY Castle, meanwhile questioning her ways of supporting her step-son as well. She soon starts to uncover the truth of what happened to Myung Joo's family and their relation to the grade coordinator, Kim Joo Young.(Source: MyDramaList)",8.8,27324,20,"['Yeom Jung Ah', 'Lee Tae Ran', 'Yoon Se Ah', 'Oh Na Ra', 'Kim Seo Hyung', 'Jung Joon Ho']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,Jo Hyun Taek,Yoo Hyun Mi
38,Missing,https://mydramalist.com/696751-missing-the-other-side-2,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Supernatural","Village Setting, Swindler Male Lead, Cold Case, Hacker Female Lead, Detective Male Lead, Righteous Male Lead, Slight Comedy, Cheerful Male Lead, Social Justice, Afterlife ","3 Gongdan is a village where missing deceased people, including Kang Eun Sil and Oh Il Yong, stay. Meanwhile, Kim Wook, Jang Pan Seok, Lee Jong A, and Detective Shin Joon Ho try to find the bodies of the missing people and chase after the truth behind their deaths.(Source: AsianWiki)",8.8,2861,14,"['Go Soo', 'Heo Joon Ho', 'Ahn So Hee', 'Ha Joon', 'Lee Jung Eun', 'Kim Dong Hwi']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,"Min Yeon Hong,  Lee Ye Rim","Ban Ki Ri,  Jung So Young"
39,Weightlifting Fairy Kim Bok Joo,https://mydramalist.com/19262-weightlifting-fairy-kim-bok-joo,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Sports","Friends To Lovers, Weightlifting, Strong Female Lead, Healing, First Love, Bantering Relationship, Male Chases Female First, Swimming, Slow Burn Romance, Sismance ","Bok Joo is a weightlifter who is pursuing her dream of winning the gold medal but she then finds romance for the first time in her life. While she is a woman who trains with heavy steel weights, she is also very feminine when it comes to relationships. Focusing solely on weightlifting would jeopardize her relationship but leaving her weightlifting career for love would keep her from attaining her dreams.Can she find a way to have love as well as glory at the age of 20? The characters within this drama are elite athletes in weightlifting, swimming and rhythmic gymnastics who work hard to reach their goals in life. It covers their coming-of-age stories and relationships through hectic life.(Source: MBC)~~ Inspired by the life of South Korean Olympic weightlifter gold-medalist Jang Mi Ran.",8.8,97857,16,"['Lee Sung Kyung', 'Nam Joo Hyuk', 'Lee Jae Yoon', 'Kyung Soo Jin', 'Cho Hye Jung', 'Lee Joo Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Oh Hyun Jong,  Nam Sung Woo","Yang Hee Seung,  Kim Soo Jin"
40,Kingdom,https://mydramalist.com/22806-kingdom,"Thriller,  Historical,  Horror,  Political","Joseon Dynasty, Adapted From A Webtoon, Power Struggle, Gore, Strong Male Lead, Survival, Nice Male Lead, Corruption, Zombies, Strong Female Lead ","No sooner does the Joseon King succumb to smallpox, do the rumors of his death begin. The Cho Clan, the clan of the pregnant Queen and her father, Chief State Councillor Cho Hak Joo, declares the Crown Prince, a traitor.Questioning the circumstances surrounding the King’s death, the Crown Prince and his guard, Moo Young, set forth to locate Lee Seung Hui, the last physician to treat his father. But the two end up stuck with Assistant Physician Seo Bi and a mysterious man named Young Shin in a village plagued with a terrifying disease.(Source: MyDramaList)",8.8,33069,6,"['Joo Ji Hoon', 'Ryu Seung Ryong', 'Bae Doo Na', 'Kim Sung Gyu', 'Kim Chan Yi', 'Kim  Sang Ho']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),Netflix,Kim Sung Hoon,Kim Eun Hee
41,Taxi Driver,https://mydramalist.com/52921-model-taxi,"Action,  Thriller,  Crime,  Drama","Revenge, Strong Male Lead, Adapted From A Webtoon, Investigation, Prosecutor Female Lead, Secret Organization, Smart Female Lead, Death Of A Mother, Taxi Driver Male Lead, Police Officer Male Lead ","Do Gi has lived more honestly than anyone else as an officer in the Special Forces. Yet, when a serial killer murders his mother, he spends his days in agony. While feeling wronged and broken, Do Gi meets Jang Sung Chul, who recruits Do Gi to work for his company, Rainbow Taxi. Far from an ordinary taxi service, Rainbow Taxi is a secret organization that avenges victims whom the law didn’t protect. Here, Do Gi becomes a star driver who delivers satisfying revenge. Meanwhile, Ha Na is a prosecutor who investigates Rainbow Taxi. She is furious with their lawless behavior, but at the same time, she feels confused about seeing them solve cases that the law cannot. Between those who believe that revenge embodies true justice and those who pursue the outlaws, Do Gi seeks what justice truly means.(Source: Viki)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""The Deluxe Taxi"" (모범택시) by Carlos (까를로스) and Keukeu Jae Jin (크크재진).",8.8,23766,16,"['Lee Je Hoon', 'Esom', 'Kim Eui Sung', 'Pyo Ye Jin', 'Cha Ji Yeon', 'Jang Hyuk Jin']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),SBS,Park Joon Woo,"Oh Sang Ho,  Lee Ji Hyun"
42,Youth of May,https://mydramalist.com/74275-youth-of-may,"Romance,  Youth,  Drama,  Melodrama","1980s, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Star Crossed Lovers, Gwangju Uprising, Tearjerker, Nice Male Lead, Strong Female Lead, Smart Female Lead, Forbidden Love, Martial Law ","Hee Tae becomes the pride of Gwangju when he enters Seoul National University College of Medicine with top marks. His best friend Kyung Soo, an avid pro-democracy activist, insists that they open an illegal clinic for students on the run from the government. One day, a factory worker is injured during a protest. In exchange for the costs of discreetly transporting himself and the factory worker to his hometown, Hee Tae must go to a meeting with a potential marriage partner arranged by his father. At this meeting, Hee Tae meets Myung Hee, a nurse persevering through the hardships of life. She only agrees to go to this meeting in place of her friend Soo Ryeon, because she needs to come up with the airfare to go study in Germany. However, Myung Hee and Hee Tae end up falling in love. In May of 1980, amidst the heated passion and cries for democracy that reverberated throughout Gwangju, Hee Tae and Myung Hee find themselves in a twist of fate.(Source: Viki)~~ Based on real events of the Gwangju Uprising that happened in the city of Gwangju, South Korea, from May 18 to May 27, 1980.",8.8,17654,12,"['Lee Do Hyun', 'Go Min Si', 'Lee Sang Yi', 'Geum Sae Rok', 'Oh Man Suk', 'Uhm Hyo Sub']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Song Min Yeop,  Lee Dae Kyung",Lee Kang
43,Through the Darkness,https://mydramalist.com/699557-inside-criminal-minds,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Drama","Investigation, Murder, Empathic Male Lead, Calm Male Lead, Suspense, 1990s, 2000s, Time Skip, Offender Profiling, Kind Male Lead ","Back in the 1990s, the citizens of Seoul were gripped with a paralyzing fear after a series of brutal attacks and murders occurred. A mysterious figure dubbed ‘Red Cap’ was stalking women on the streets then killing his prey, seemingly without provocation. His habit of striking at random made it impossible for the detectives to predict his next move. At the top of their minds is what could be triggering him. Aware of the American F.B.I. and its successful use of criminal profilers to identify serial killers, the head of the Criminal Behavioral Analysis team, Gook Young Soo recruits Song Ha Young, a quiet, reserved, incredibly perceptive former detective for his team. Gook believes using this new psychological method will give the police an edge in capturing 'Red Cap' and ending his killing spree. Homicide expert Yoon Tae Goo and her officers question the value of this approach and are resistant to entering such uncharted territory. To quell their scorn they need to convince that this radical crime-fighting approach will increase their arrest rates. Does Song Ha Young have the ability to gain the trust of callous criminals while seeing through them? Is he clever enough to outwit them?  But more importantly, does he possess the emotional fortitude to withstand the process? (Source: Viki; edited by Lee C)~~ Adapted from the autobiography of the same title, co-written by Korea's first criminal profiler, Kwon Il Yong and journalist-turned-author Ko Na Mu, depicting some of Kwon's field experiences.",8.8,7016,12,"['Kim Nam Gil', 'Jin Seon Kyu', 'Kim So Jin', 'Ryeoun', 'Lee Dae Yeon', 'Kim Won Hae']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),SBS,"Kim Jae Hong,  Park Bo Ram","Seol Yi Na,  Kwon Il Yong"
44,The Devil Judge,https://mydramalist.com/62087-the-demon-judge,"Mystery,  Law,  Crime,  Drama","Dystopia, Corruption, Strong Female Lead, Tough Past, Tragic Past, Bromance, Dark Fiction, Manipulative Female Lead, Rivalry, Revenge ","Set in a dystopian version of present-day Korea where daily life is chaos and society has collapsed to the point that people openly voice their distrust and hatred for their leaders. In this world bereft of law and order, Head Trial Judge Kang signals the need for change. His courtroom is the subject of a reality show where he mercilessly punishes the guilty, earning him the ""Devil Judge"" nickname. As a divisive figure with an aura of mystery that belies his true identity and ambitions, the public is unsure whether he is a true hero or someone, knowingly sowing the seeds of discontent in his courtroom. A bitter rivalry has taken shape between the ""Devil Judge"" and the highly ambitious Jung Sun Ah, who has risen from poverty to become a corporate social responsibility foundation director. Into this turbulent world enter two childhood friends on a quest for true justice: rookie Judge Kim Ga On and Police Officer Yoon Soo Hyun. Do they have what it takes to challenge both the scheming Jung Sun Ah and the notorious ""Devil Judge""?(Source: Viki, Wikipedia, Soompi)",8.7,19279,16,"['Ji Sung', 'Kim Min Jung', 'Park Jin Young', 'Park Gyu Young', 'Jeon Chae Eun', 'Kim Jae Kyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Choi Jung Gyu,Moon Yoo Seok
45,D.P. Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/713549-d-p-season-2,"Action,  Military,  Drama","Male Centered Plot, Post-traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD), Soldier Male Lead, Fight For Justice, Violence, Black Comedy, Noir, Bromance, Teammates' Relationship, Singer Supporting Character ","This unfolding story ensues when military desertion arrest squad members (DP), Jun Ho and Ho Yeol, run across absurdities and unchangeable reality on a regular basis.(Source: Namuwiki; Edited by Krystale Mitaesa at MyDramaList)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""D.P Dog Day"" (D.P 개의 날) by Kim Bo Tong (김보통).",8.7,5575,6,"['Jung Hae In', 'Koo Kyo Hwan', 'Kim Sung Kyun', 'Son Suk Ku', 'Kim Ji Hyun', 'Ji Jin Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Netflix,Han Jun Hee,Kim Bo Tong
46,Life on Mars,https://mydramalist.com/26949-life-on-mars,"Action,  Mystery,  Psychological,  Comedy","1980s, Police Procedural, Bromance, Calm Male Lead, Smart Male Lead, Strong Female Lead, Coma, Murder, Investigation, Thriller ","As the leader of a crime investigation team, Han Tae Joo has propelled his career and risen through the ranks by trusting data over all else. One day, while investigating a serial murder case, he has an accident. When he wakes up, he suddenly finds himself in the winter of 1988. He doesn't know why, but he's now a detective appointed to work at a police station in a small city. To get back to the present day, Han Tae Joo tries to solve the case.(Source: TMDb)~~ Remake of the British TV series ""Life on Mars"" [2006].",8.7,9904,16,"['Jung Kyung Ho', 'Park Sung Woong', 'Go Ah Sung', 'Oh Dae Hwan', 'Noh Jong Hyun', 'Jun Suk Ho']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,OCN,Lee Jeong Hyo,Lee Dae II
47,Beyond Evil,https://mydramalist.com/60911-monster,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Psychological,  Drama","Determined Male Lead, Investigation, Suspense, Murder, Trauma, Psychological Manipulation, Smart Male Lead, Death, Corruption, Mother-Son Relationship ","Meet the two fearless men willing to go to extreme lengths in their pursuit of a serial killer that has shaken up their quiet city: Lee Dong Sik, a once capable detective, is now demoted to perform menial tasks at the Manyang Police Substation. Just as he is beginning to settle into a peaceful life, his new superior, Detective Han Joo Won, is transferred in. Joo Won is an elite detective whose father is the star candidate for the National Police Agency’s next chief. Despite his admirable qualities and high social standing, Joo Won harbors a long-held secret.When a string of gruesome killings occurs, a pattern takes shape that is oddly reminiscent of some cold serial-murder cases from 20 years prior. Dong Sik and Joo Won team up, vowing to stop this vicious culprit in his tracks. As their investigation proceeds, they are forced to look far deeper than what the evidence suggests, questioning the culpability of all those surrounding the case, including their own.(Source: Kdramapal)",8.7,20207,16,"['Shin Ha Kyun', 'Yeo Jin Goo', 'Choi Dae Hoon', 'Kim Shin Rok', 'Choi Sung Eun', 'Choi Jin Ho']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,Shim Na Yeon,Kim Soo Jin
48,Racket Boys,https://mydramalist.com/75433-rocket-boy-squad,"Comedy,  Life,  Drama,  Sports","Badminton, Friendship, Sport Club, Rural Life, Working Mom, Tough Female Lead, Tough Male Lead, Slight Romance, Multiple Mains, Carefree Protagonist ","A story of a boys' badminton team at a middle school in Haenam as they grow, both as people and as players.Yoon Hyun Jong was once a very good badminton player, but now he struggles to make ends meet for his family. Therefore, he jumps at a chance to coach a middle school team, only to find a team on the verge of disbandment with only three players: Bang Yoon Dam, Na Woo Chan, and Lee Yong Tae. The three boys struggle along, improving as Yoon Hae Kang, Yoon Hyun Jong's son, joins the team along with Jung In Sol. Now having enough players to enter competitions, they try to soar to new heights.Meanwhile, Ra Young Ja, former top badminton player and Yoon Hyun Jong's wife, is the coach of the girls’ badminton team at a girl's middle school in Haenam. On her team are Han Se Yoon, the #1 ranked junior female player in Korea and Lee Han Sol, Se Yoon's best friend, allowing them to be one of the best teams among their peers.(Source: AsianWiki; edited by Ian at MyDramaList)",8.7,11017,16,"['Kim Sang Kyung', 'Oh Na Ra', 'Tang Jun Sang', 'Son Sang Yeon', 'Choi Hyun Wook', 'Kim Kang Hoon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Netflix,  SBS",Jo Young Kwang,Jung Bo Hoon
49,Dr. Romantic Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/38301-romantic-doctor-teacher-kim-2,"Romance,  Drama,  Medical,  Melodrama","Slow Burn Romance, Healing, Character Development, Surgeon Male Lead, Friends To Lovers, Love/Hate Relationship, Hardworking Female Lead, Hospital Setting, Rich Woman/Poor Man, Smart Female Lead ","A “real doctor” story set in a small, humble hospital called Doldam Hospital. It is a story about people who meet Kim Sa Bu, a genius doctor, and discover “real romance.”Kim Sa Bu once gained fame as a top surgeon at a huge hospital. One day, he disappeared from the eyes of the public, quietly becoming the chief surgeon at Doldam Hospital in the countryside. After he conducted a successful operation on Chairman Shin, he gets to improve the hospital under reliable support. But then Chairman Shin passes away, and an old foe returns. New people appear and his students had to leave the hospital. Furthermore, his wrist, which was injured three years ago, starts to act weird. Kim Sa Bu decides to go to a huge hospital himself to solve the manpower shortage at Doldam, where he finds two people who resemble his former students but who seem much more lacking. Seo Woo Jin would do anything for money, and Cha Eun Jae gets nauseous every time she tries to perform surgery. Will Kim Sa Bu be able to run Doldam Hospital with these two?(Source: Soompi, KOCOWA)",8.7,25354,16,"['Han Seok Kyu', 'Ahn Hyo Seop', 'Lee Sung Kyung', 'Kim Joo Heon', 'Shin Dong Wook', 'So Ju Yeon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Yoo In Shik,  Lee Gil Bok",Kang Eun Kyung
50,Hometown Cha-Cha-Cha,https://mydramalist.com/683929-mr-hong,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","Nice Male Lead, Nice Female Lead, Cheerful Male Lead, Hardworking Male Lead, Hardworking Female Lead, Jack Of All Trades, Smart Female Lead, Opposites Attract, Character Development, Healing ","After a conflict with her boss, dentist Yoon Hye Jin escapes the city to a seaside village where she'd vacationed to before as a little girl. When she learns the village is without a dentist, she decides to set up her practice there permanently. As the former city-dweller's stiff and guarded demeanor almost immediately rubs the locals the wrong way, in steps the free-spirited jack of all trades, Hong Do Shik. There to help her learn to navigate life in a small village, albeit they don't hit it off well at first.(Source: bbchops at MyDramaList)",8.7,55090,16,"['Shin Min Ah', 'Kim Seon Ho', 'Lee Sang Yi', 'In Gyo Jin', 'Lee Bong Ryun', 'Jo Han Chul']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Netflix,  tvN",Yoo Je Won,Shin Ha Eun
51,Dear My Friends,https://mydramalist.com/15845-dear-my-friends,"Life,  Drama,  Melodrama","Life Lesson, Mother-Daughter Relationship, Mother-Son Relationship, Sismance, Family Conflict, Multiple Couples, Generational Conflict, Multiple Mains, Friendship, Slight Comedy ","Park Wan is a translator who is constantly pulled by her mother, Jang Nan Hee, to hang out with her elder friends, Jo Hee Ja, Moon Jung Ah, Oh Choong Nam, and Lee Yeong Won. The plot revolves around the friends' twilight years as they are rediscovering themselves through relationships and family, the struggles they face due to their old age, and their life journey that they share with  Park Wan in the hope she would write a novel about them.(Source: MyDramaList)",8.7,3724,16,"['Go Hyun Jung', 'Kim Hye Ja', 'Na Moon Hee', 'Go Doo Shim', 'Park Won Sook', 'Youn Yuh Jung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Hong Jong Chan,Noh Hee Kyung
52,Arthdal Chronicles Part 3,https://mydramalist.com/34667-arthdal-chronicles-season-3,"Historical,  Romance,  Fantasy,  Political","Power Struggle, War, Supernatural Power, Strong Female Lead, Curse, Revenge, Superhuman Strength, Pre-produced, Class Conflict, Antihero Male Lead ","Ta Gon gets what he wants as he sits atop his throne. However, now his life and throne are threatened when Eun Seom begins to gather power among the slaves and peasants of Arth as he starts to fight back against the elite. Although Ta Gon has so far kept his half-Neanthal heritage a secret from the world, his eyes shine purple, preparing to go all out in fighting Eun Seom.Meanwhile, Taealha faces the threat of assassination from an unknown adversary, while Tanya struggles to adjust to her newfound power in Arthdal.(Source: Soompi)",8.7,10856,6,"['Song Joong Ki', 'Jang Dong Gun', 'Kim Ji Won', 'Kim Ok Bin', 'Kim Sung Cheol', 'Kim Eui Sung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Netflix,  tvN",Kim Won Suk,"Kim Young Hyun,  Park Sang Yeon"
53,Arthdal Chronicles Part 2,https://mydramalist.com/34665-arthdal-chronicles-season-2,"Historical,  Romance,  Fantasy,  Political","War, Power Struggle, Slavery, Good Twin/Evil Twin, Strong Female Lead, Revenge, Character Development, Father-Daughter Relationship, Strong Male Lead, Political Intrigue ","Ta Gon has now become the most powerful man in Arthdal. He has an affectionate relationship only with Taealha, the daughter of the rival Hae Tribe, because of their shared ambitions.Sa Ya has been kept confined in a tower because he is an Igutu, a hybrid between a Saram and Nweantal. Ta Gon chose to spare Sa Ya’s life as a baby in the wars that wiped out all the Nweantals and brought him back to Arthdal. His relationship with Sa Ya is complicated as Igutus are hated in Arthdal. Tae Al Ha has helped Ta Gon raise him.Tan Ya, in an attempt to escape from the fortress of fire, where she and her tribe were held as hostages, goes into a room.  This room looks exactly like what EunSeom had described in his dreams. There she sees a boy that looks just like Eun Seom. What will happen after Sa Ya, who longs to escape his tower, and Tan Ya, who yearns for revenge against Arthdal, meet for the first time?(Source: Vishalingle at MyDramaList)",8.7,12212,6,"['Song Joong Ki', 'Jang Dong Gun', 'Kim Ji Won', 'Kim Ok Bin', 'Kim Eui Sung', 'Park Hae Joon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Netflix,  tvN",Kim Won Suk,"Kim Young Hyun,  Park Sang Yeon"
54,Six Flying Dragons,https://mydramalist.com/14324-six-flying-dragons,"Action,  Historical,  Drama,  Political","Revolution, Power Struggle, Political Intrigue, Sword-fight, Smart Male Lead, Taejong, Scheme, Taejo, Goryeo Dynasty, Bromance ","A fictional, historical drama about the ambition, rise and fall of real and fictional characters based around Yi Bang Won. Yi Bang Won was the third king of the Joseon Dynasty in Korea and the father of King Se Jong the Great. He helped his father, King Tae Jo, establish the Joseon Dynasty.",8.7,6167,50,"['Yoo Ah In', 'Kim Myung Min', 'Shin Sae Kyeong', 'Byun Yo Han', 'Yoon Kyun Sang', 'Chun Ho Jin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Shin Kyung Soo,"Kim Young Hyun,  Park Sang Yeon"
55,The Penthouse,https://mydramalist.com/53535-penthouse,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Drama","Motherhood, Revenge, Greed, Jealousy, School Bullying, Multiple Couples, Rich Male Lead, School Rivalry, High Society, Mother-Daughter Relationship ","The residents of Hera Palace, a luxury penthouse apartment with 100 floors, have many secrets and hidden ambitions. Sim Su Ryeon, who was born into wealth, is the queen of the penthouse apartment. Cheon Seo Jin, the prima donna of the residence, does all she can to give everything to her daughter. Oh Yoon Hee comes from a poor family background, but she strives to enter high society by becoming the queen of the penthouse, the pinnacle of success in her eyes. A battle for wealth, power, and prestige at Seoul’s most coveted penthouse begins.(Source: KOCOWA)",8.7,23865,21,"['Lee Ji Ah', 'Kim So Yeon', 'Eugene', 'Uhm Ki Joon', 'Bong Tae Kyu', 'Shin Eun Kyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Joo Dong Min,Kim Soon Ok
56,The Penthouse Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/680959-the-penthouse-season-2,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Drama","Revenge, Corruption, High Class Society, Greed, Murder, Rich Male Lead, Motherhood, School Bullying, Rich Female Lead, Jealousy ","After successfully framing Oh Yoon Hee, Cheon Seo Jin and Joo Dan Tae decided to get married. Their engagement party is interrupted by Oh Yoon Hee and Ha Yoon Cheol, who has just come back from the United States. As the secrets unveil, the relationships among the people at Hera Palace are entangled, yet another mysterious figure appears and confronts them.(Source: Wikipedia)",8.7,19008,13,"['Kim So Yeon', 'Eugene', 'Lee Ji Ah', 'Uhm Ki Joon', 'Yoon Jong Hoon', 'Shin Eun Kyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Joo Dong Min,Kim Soon Ok
57,The Guest,https://mydramalist.com/28686-hand,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Horror,  Supernatural","Exorcism, Death, Demon, Shamanism, Murder, Strong Female Lead, Hot-Tempered Male Lead, Ghost-seeing Male Lead, Orphan Female Lead, Ghost ","Yoon Hwa Pyung, a young psychic born into a shaman family, learns about the powerful demon called ""Son"" (Guest). The demon has the power to control other demons and allows them to possess weak people. The possessed people then go mad, kill their families, and stab themselves in the eye. Fatefully, Hwa Pyung, Choi Yoon; a young boy born in a religious Catholic family, and Kang Kil Yeong; the daughter of a detective, meet when their families are killed by a demon.Twenty years later, the demon killings started again. Hwa Pyung is now a taxi driver who uses his power to seek out possessed people in order to help them, while Yoon is a Catholic priest who is talented in exorcism, and Kil Yeong is a detective who doesn't believe in ghosts. The trio meets again and tries to work together to defeat ""Son"".(Source: MyDramaList)",8.7,12712,16,"['Kim Dong Wook', 'Kim Jae Wook', 'Jung Eun Chae', 'Lee Won Jong', 'Park Ho San', 'Ahn Nae Sang']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),OCN,Kim Hong Seon,"Seo Jae Won,  Kwon So Ra"
58,Our Beloved Summer,https://mydramalist.com/694231-us-that-year,"Romance,  Life,  Youth,  Drama","Lovers Reunited, High School Sweethearts, First Love, Healing, Flashback To Past, Love/Hate Relationship, Interview, Coming Of Age, Second Chance Romance, Enemies To Lovers ","Years after filming a viral documentary in high school, two bickering ex-lovers get pulled back in front of the camera — and into each other's lives. Choi Woong seems naive and a free-spirited man, but he wants to have something for the first time in his life. For that, he shows what he holds in his mind. Kook Yeon Soo aimed to become the top student at her school, but she is now an adult who lives fiercely, adapting to her reality.(Source: Netflix, AsianWiki)~~ Inspired by the webtoon “Our Beloved Summer” (그 해 우리는 - 초여름이 좋아!) by Lee Naeun (이나은) and Han Kyoung Chal (한경찰) which is a prequel story that depicts their high school days 10 years before drama timeline. It is a different perspective from their past including how they first met, grew on each other and fell in love with each other. The webtoon has a story that doesn't show up in drama sequel.",8.7,40611,16,"['Choi  Woo Shik', 'Kim Da Mi', 'Kim Sung Cheol', 'Roh Jeong Eui', 'Ahn Dong Goo', 'Park Jin Joo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Netflix,  SBS",Kim Yoon Jin,Lee Na Eun
59,Moon Lovers,https://mydramalist.com/15999-moon-lovers-scarlet-heart-ryeo,"Historical,  Romance,  Fantasy,  Melodrama","Child Abandonment, Goryeo Dynasty, Power Struggle, Jealousy, Possessive Male Lead, Sibling Rivalry, Lying, Tearjerker, Death, Gwangjong ","When a total eclipse of the sun takes place, Go Ha Jin is transported back in time to the start of the Goryeo Dynasty of Korea during King Taejo's rule. She wakes up in the body of the 16-year-old Hae Soo and finds herself living in the house of the 8th Prince Wang Wook, who is married to Hae Soo's cousin. She soon befriends several of the princes and meets the ostracized 4th Prince, Wang So. Although knowing she should not get involved in palace intrigues over the succession to the throne, she inadvertently becomes a pawn in the struggle, as several of the Princes fall in love with her. (Source: MyDramaList)~~ Adapted from the novel “Bu Bu Jing Xin” (步步惊心) by Tong Hua (桐华).~~ There are 2 versions of this series, please read the FAQ thread for more info.",8.7,64409,20,"['Lee Joon Gi', 'IU', 'Kang Ha Neul', 'Hong Jong Hyun', 'Nam Joo Hyuk', 'Byun Baek Hyun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Kim Kyu Tae,Jo Yoon Young
60,While You Were Sleeping,https://mydramalist.com/21576-while-you-were-sleeping,"Mystery,  Romance,  Drama,  Fantasy","Precognition, Nice Male Lead, Murder, Tragic Past, First Love, Steamy Kiss, Childhood Acquaintance, Eccentric Male Lead, Smart Male Lead, Fated Love ","Nam Hong Ju lives with her mother, Yoon Moon Sun, a widow who runs a small restaurant. Since Hong Ju was young, she has had the ability to see events—both good and bad—before they occur. However, she is often unable to do anything about them. Jung Jae Chan, a rookie prosecutor, and his younger brother Seung Won move in across the street from Hong Ju. One day, Jae Chan has a strange dream about an accident involving Hong Ju and Lee Yu Beom, a ruthless attorney who used to be Jae Chan’s tutor. Jae Chan decides to interfere in the course of events and ends up saving the lives of Hong Ju and Han Woo Tak, a young police officer. When Jae Chan, Hong Ju, and Woo Tak then start having dreams about one another, they realize that their lives are now somehow entwined. (Source: Viki) ~~ Two versions available: 32 episodes (TV) | 16 episodes (online)",8.7,71041,32,"['Bae Suzy', 'Lee Jong Suk', 'Jung Hae In', 'Lee Sang Yeob', 'Hwang Young Hee', 'Shin Jae Ha']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Oh Choong Hwan,  Park Soo Jin",Park Hye Ryun
61,Sweet Home,https://mydramalist.com/34064-sweet-home,"Action,  Horror,  Drama,  Sci-Fi","Monsters, Gore, Survival, Character Development, Adapted From A Webtoon, Supernatural Phenomena, Multiple Mains, Trauma, School Bullying, Attempted Suicide ","Following the death of his family in an accident, loner Cha Hyun Soo moves to a new apartment. His quiet life is soon disturbed by strange incidents that start occurring in his apartment, and throughout Korea. As people start to turn into monsters, Hyun Soo and the other residents try to survive.(Source: Wikipedia)~~ Adapted from the webtoon “Sweet Home” by Kim Kan Bi and Hwang Young Chan.",8.7,47977,10,"['Song Kang', 'Lee Jin Wook', 'Lee Si Young', 'Lee Do Hyun', 'Kim Nam Hee', 'Go Min Si']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),Netflix,Lee Eung Bok,Kim Hyung Min
62,Partners for Justice Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/32917-partners-for-justice-2,"Mystery,  Law,  Drama,  Medical","Forensic Science, Forensic Medical Examiner Male Lead, Prosecutor Supporting Character, Age Gap [Drama Life], Age Gap [Real Life], Prosecutor Female Lead, Doctor Male Lead, Serial Killings, Teamwork, Rich Female Lead ","In crime and in life, all contact leaves a trace. There is no perfect crime and our hero and heroine have the ultimate cooperation. This drama continues the tale of a forensic scientist and a prosecutor who make the best of teams.(Source: HanCinema)",8.7,4591,32,"['Jung Jae Young', 'Jung Yoo Mi', 'Oh Man Suk', 'Noh Min Woo', 'Kang Seung Hyun', 'Park Jun Gyu']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Noh Do Cheol,  Han Jin Sun","Jo Won Gi,  Min Ji Eun"
63,The King of Pigs,https://mydramalist.com/699597-king-of-pigs,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Drama","School Bullying, Detective Male Lead, School Violence, Flashback To Past, Revenge, Murder, Detective Female Lead, Childhood Trauma, Child Abuse, Mental Illness ","Two friends meet up and recall their experiences as victims of school bullying when they receive a message from a friend from 20 years ago and mysterious serial killings begin to occur. Kyung Min lives with the trauma of the school violence he experienced twenty years ago and an unexpected case causes his suppressed emotions to reappear. Meanwhile, Detective Jong Suk receives a mysterious message sent from a friend from 20 years ago which reminds him of the school violence that took place back then. Chasing the mysterious message, he tries to put a stop to the murders.Through these characters with tragic fates, the drama touches on the origin of school violence and the bullying that pervades modern society. (Source: AsianWiki)~~ Adapted from the animated film ""The King of Pigs"" (돼지의 왕) by Yeon Sang Ho (연상호), based on a true story.",8.7,3535,12,"['Kim Dong Wook', 'Kim Sung Gyu', 'Chae Jung An', 'Choi Hyun Jin', 'Sim Hyun Seo', 'Lee Chan Yoo']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),TVING,Kim Dae Jin,Tak Jae Young
64,Defendant,https://mydramalist.com/19684-defendant,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Law,  Drama","Murder, Amnesia, Wrongfully Accused, Identity Swap, Bromance, Suspense, Good Twin/Evil Twin, Deception, Competent Male Lead, Power Struggle ","Park Jung Woo is a prosecutor at Seoul Central District Prosecutors’ Office. One day, he wakes up and finds himself a convict on death row. Suffering from temporary amnesia, Jung Woo has no idea what transpired to land him in prison. He struggles to recover his memory and clear his name before his time is up.",8.7,11068,18,"['Ji Sung', 'Uhm Ki Joon', 'Kwon Yu Ri', 'Oh Chang Seok', 'Uhm Hyun Kyung', 'Jung Dong Gyu']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Jo Young Kwang,  Jung Dong Yoon","Choi Soo Jin,  Choi Chang Hwan"
65,My Name,https://mydramalist.com/65391-nemesis,"Action,  Thriller,  Mystery,  Crime","Badass Female Lead, Blood, Revenge, Lying, Murder, Double Identity, Hidden Identity, Gang, Gun Violence, Strong Female Lead ","Following her father's murder, a revenge-driven woman puts her trust in a powerful crime boss — and enters the police force under his direction.Yoon Ji Woo, a member of a organized crime ring, goes undercover as a police officer and harbors cold revenge in her heart. Helping Yoon Ji Woo go undercover is Choi Moo Jin, the boss of the biggest drug ring in Korea, whose true motives are not easy to read.Jeon Pil Do is a police detective in the Drug Investigation Unit. He is a stickler for rules who becomes Yoon Ji Woo’s partner when she joins the police. Cha Gi Ho is the team leader of the Drug Investigation Unit. He and Choi Moo Jin have long been enemies, with Cha Gi Ho vowing to take down his crime ring before he retires.Jung Tae Joo is Choi Moo Jin’s subordinate in the drug ring. Because of his steadfast loyalty, he is Choi Moo Jin’s most trusted henchman. Do Gang Jae is a former member of the drug ring. After causing problems and getting kicked out of the gang, he vowed revenge against them.(Source: Soompi, Netflix)",8.7,46029,8,"['Han So Hee', 'Park Hee Soon', 'Ahn Bo Hyun', 'Lee Hak Joo', 'Kim  Sang Ho', 'Chang Ryul']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),Netflix,Kim Jin Min,Kim Ba Da
66,Revenant,https://mydramalist.com/717539-the-devil,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Horror,  Supernatural","Spirit Possession, Occult, Folklore, Spirit, Student Female Lead, Professor Male Lead, Detective Supporting Character, Detective Male Lead, Death, Child Abuse ","When the door to another world opens, demons exist there. Ku San Young is possessed by one of those demons. Yeom Hae Sang can see the demon which has possessed Ku San Young. They try to figure out the truth behind the mysterious deaths related to the five sacred objects.Ku San Young is busy working part-time during the day and studying to become a low-ranking public officer at night. One day, she receives some articles left behind by her late father. Since then, mysterious deaths take place around her. She also finds herself slowly changing.Yeom Hae Sang comes from a rich background. He teaches Korean folklore at a university. Since he was a child, he has had the special ability to see demons in this world. He even saw his mother get killed by a demon in front of him when he was young. Yeom Hae Sang meets Ku San Young and he faces the demon which killed his mother.Lee Hong Sae is a lieutenant in the violent crimes investigation team. He only cares about advancing his career in the police department. Due to Ku San Young and Yeom Hae Sang, he gets involved in mysterious cases.(Source: AsianWiki)",8.7,5705,12,"['Kim Tae Ri', 'Oh Jung Se', 'Hong Kyung', 'Park Ji Young', 'Yang Hye Ji', 'Jin Seon Kyu']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Lee Jung Rim,  Kim Jae Hong",Kim Eun Hee
67,Strong Woman Do Bong Soon,https://mydramalist.com/18894-strong-woman-do-bong-soon,"Action,  Comedy,  Romance,  Supernatural","Strong Female Lead, Female Lead Action Scenes, Superhuman Strength, Love Triangle, Nice Male Lead, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Father-Daughter Relationship, Gang, Boss-Employee Relationship, Rich Male Lead ","Do Bong Soon is a petite, unemployed woman who is honest and kind. She appears little and sweet on the outside, but she is in fact very, very strong. For generations in her family, the women have been gifted Herculean strength to use for the greater good. If abused, however, their power will be taken away.Whilst standing up for herself after gang members bully her, she finds herself approached by Ahn Min Hyuk, the handsome and somewhat childish CEO of Ainsoft, a gaming company. Ahn Min Hyuk, who holds a great distrust towards the police, witnessed the whole exchange of Bong Soon's superhuman strength, and now wants to employ her as a bodyguard after being threatened by an unknown enemy. Min Hyuk falls in love with super-strong Bong Soon at first sight, but there's a catch. Bong Soon has eyes for someone else; a police officer and childhood friend, In Guk Doo, whom she has known since high school.When chaos ensues after a series of kidnappings in Do Bong Soon's hometown of Dobong-dong, Dobong-gu, Bong Soon must decide whether to use her strength and stand up to evil, or play it safe and keep her powers hidden from the world. Combined with the love triangle she faces between In Guk Doo and Ahn Min Hyuk, as well as having to keep Min Hyuk safe, Bong Soon's life is thrown into turmoil. Can she use her strength for the greater good, or will it prove in the end to be too much?(Source: AJ at MyDramaList)",8.7,110451,16,"['Park Bo Young', 'Park Hyung Sik', 'Kim Ji Soo', 'Jun Suk Ho', 'Shim Hye Jin', 'Yoo Jae Myung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,Lee Hyung Min,Baek Mi Kyung
68,18 Again,https://mydramalist.com/52941-eighteen-again,"Romance,  Life,  Drama,  Fantasy","Second Chance, First Love, Father-Son Relationship, Hardworking Female Lead, Father-Daughter Relationship, Mother-Daughter Relationship, Life Lesson, Becoming Young, Hidden Identity, Character Development ","After nearly twenty years of marriage, Jung Da Jung and Hong Dae Young seem to be well settled in their domestic lives. The proud parents of a pair of eighteen year old twins, the devoted couple have worked hard to build a happy home together. But what seems like an ideal life on the outside is really anything but. Fed up with Dae Young’s incessant nonsense, Da Jung is at her wits’ end. When Dae Young announces that he’s been fired, Da Jung gives up completely. Convinced life would be better without her husband in it, Da Jung wastes no time in filing for divorce.Shaken by his wife’s decision to leave him and utterly disappointed in where life has taken him, Dae Young takes a hard look at his life. It doesn’t take him long to see all the places where things went wrong, and soon he finds himself regretting absolutely everything about his life. The moment the thoughts of regret enter his head, his body is instantly transformed into that of an eighteen year old, while his thirty-seven year old mind remains intact. Suddenly given the chance to re-do his entire life, Dae Young changes his name to Ko Woo Young and enrolls himself in his children's’ school. Seeing life from an entirely different perspective, Dae Young soon finds that despite keeping his middle-aged brain, he still has a lot to learn. (Source: Viki)~~ Remake of the American film “17 Again"" [2009].",8.7,28054,16,"['Kim Ha Neul', 'Yoon Sang Hyun', 'Lee Do Hyun', 'Roh Jeong Eui', 'Ryeoun', 'Wi Ha Joon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,Ha Byung Hoon,"Kim Do Yeon,  Ahn Eun Bin,  Choi Yi Ryun"
69,A Business Proposal,https://mydramalist.com/693591-in-house-confrontation,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Boss-Employee Relationship, Double Identity, Fake Identity, Blind Date, Contract Relationship, Cheerful Female Lead, Sismance, Company President (CEO) Male Lead, Rich Male Lead, Rich Man/Poor Woman ","Shin Ha Ri is a single woman who works for a company. She has a male friend, who she has had a crush on for a long time, but she learns he has a girlfriend. Shin Ha Ri feels sad and decides to meet her friend Jin Young Seo, who is a daughter of a chaebol family. Jin Young Seo then asks Shin Ha Ri to take her place on a blind date and even offers some money for her time. Shin Ha Ri accepts her friend's offer. She goes out on a blind date as Jin Young Seo while having the intention of getting rejected by her date. When she sees her blind date, Shin Ha Ri is dumbfounded. Her blind date is Kang Tae Moo. He is the CEO of the company where she works.Kang Tae Moo is the CEO of a company that his grandfather founded. One day, his grandfather informed him of an upcoming blind date that he set up for him. Kang Tae Moo is a workaholic, and he is annoyed that his grandfather sets up blind dates for him. He decides to marry the next woman whom he meets on a blind date, so he won't be disturbed from his work anymore. That woman is Shin Ha Ri, but she is pretending to be Jin Young Seo.On the following day, Shin Ha Ri receives a phone call from Kang Tae Moo. He asks her to marry him.(Source: AsianWiki)~~ Adapted from the web novel ""The Office Blind Date"" (사내 맞선) by Hae Hwa (해화).",8.7,82238,12,"['Ahn Hyo Seop', 'Kim Se Jeong', 'Kim Min Gue', 'Seol In Ah', 'Lee Deok Hwa', 'Choi Byung Chan']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Netflix,  SBS",Park Seon Ho,"Han Sul Hee,  Hong Bo Hee"
70,"Kill Me, Heal Me",https://mydramalist.com/10873-kill-me-heal-me,"Psychological,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Dissociative Identity Disorder, Trauma, Boss-Employee Relationship, Rich Male Lead, Psychiatry, Nice Male Lead, Mean Male Lead, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Psychiatrist Female Lead, Doctor Female Lead ","A traumatic childhood experience leaves Cha Do Hyeon, suffering from memory loss and dissociation. The latter has resulted in the creation of seven distinct personalities. Wanting to regain control over his life, he asks Oh Ri Jin, a first-year psychiatric resident, to help him, but she eventually falls in love with one of his personalities. Ri Jin’s twin brother, Oh Ri On, a famous mystery novelist, investigates Do Hyeon and his family. (Source: MyDramaList)",8.7,47779,20,"['Ji Sung', 'Hwang Jung Eum', 'Park Seo Joon', 'Kim Yoo Ri', 'Oh Min Suk', 'Kim Young Ae']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Kim Jin Man,  Kim Dae Jin",Jin Soo Wan
71,Hot Stove League,https://mydramalist.com/39221-stove-league,"Drama,  Sports,  Melodrama","Hardworking Female Lead, Baseball, Hardworking Male Lead, Teamwork, Successful Male Lead, Tough Male Lead, Corruption, Calm Male Lead, Competition, Smart Male Lead ","About the preparation period of a major league baseball team. The drama focuses on a loser team that prepares for an extraordinary season upon the arrival of their new general manager, and each episode will focus on a problem they have as they prepare to become a stronger team.Se Young is the youngest head of the management team of Dreams, a cellar-dwelling baseball team. She's highly recognized for her perseverance and intense passion for the team. One day, Seung Su is appointed as a general manager. Although he's been working in the sports field, the teams he led to the championship were unpopular, and some of them were even disbanded after winning the league due to the financial difficulties of their parent companies. Would this unlucky new general manager be able to steer Dreams to the championship with passionate Se Young?Han Jae Hee, an energetic man,  who is the grandson of a furniture maker. Kim Young Chae,  who is a softball player turned sports announcer. Yoo Min Ho, a pitcher, who is crazy about baseball.(Source: Viu, AsianWiki & Soompi)",8.7,9996,16,"['Namkoong Min', 'Park Eun Bin', 'Cho Byeong Kyu', 'Oh Jung Se', 'Son Jong Hak', 'Kim Do Hyun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Jung Dong Yoon,Lee Shin Hwa
72,Dr. Romantic,https://mydramalist.com/19510-romantic-doctor-teacher-kim,"Romance,  Drama,  Medical","Strong Male Lead, Hardworking Female Lead, Smart Male Lead, Hardworking Male Lead, Character Development, Slow Burn Romance, Smart Female Lead, Trauma, Male Chases Female First, Second Chance ","Kim Sa Bu was once a famous surgeon at the peak of his career at a major hospital. But he suddenly gives it all up one day to live in seclusion and work as a neighborhood doctor in a small town. He now goes by “Teacher Kim” and refers to himself as the “Romantic Doctor”. Meanwhile, Kang Dong Joo became a doctor to make something of himself after growing up poor, and he seeks out VIP patients to achieve the success that he desperately wants. Yoon Seo Jung is a passionate young surgeon who is haunted by a mistake from her past and tries to get over it. When Dong Joo and Seo Jung meet the quirky Teacher Kim, their lives and careers will never be the same again.",8.7,29117,20,"['Han Seok Kyu', 'Yoo Yeon Seok', 'Seo Hyun Jin', 'Choi Jin Ho', 'Yang Se Jong', 'Jang Hyuk Jin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Yoo In Shik,  Park Soo Jin",Kang Eun Kyung
73,Chicago Typewriter,https://mydramalist.com/22403-chicago-typewriter,"Comedy,  Romance,  Supernatural,  Political","Reincarnation, Hardworking Male Lead, Hardworking Female Lead, Strong Female Lead, Successful Male Lead, Bromance, Flashback To Past, Tragic Past, Character Development, Patriotism ","This drama follows the lives of two men and a woman through two eras: one during the 1930s Japanese occupation of Korea and the other in the 21st century. The three main characters are:(1) Han Se Joo was a writer in his past life and a bestselling author in the present. But Se Joo is depressed with writer’s block so he can't write his next book.(2) Yu Jin Oh owned a bar in his previous life. In 2017, he is a talented ghostwriter who can bail Se Joo out of his predicament, but the mysterious man has a condition for his services. Se Joo may not be able to meet it.(3) Jeon Seol was a sniper. Now she has extremely varied expertise. She is a former Olympian hopeful, a veterinarian, and a book lover who runs her own delivery service. She oscillates between extreme fandom and anti-fandom of Se Joo.The intricately woven story of these three characters unfolds to reveal strange mirroring connections between the time periods as well as possibilities for past lives to be redeemed or improved in the modern world. This story depicts Korea and the friendship between the three beautifully through different times.",8.7,23102,16,"['Yoo Ah In', 'Im Soo Jung', 'Go Kyung Pyo', 'Kwak Shi Yang', 'Jo  Woo Jin', 'Oh Na Ra']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Kim Chul Gyu,Jin Soo Wan
74,Bloodhounds,https://mydramalist.com/701881-hounds,"Action,  Thriller,  Crime,  Drama","Strong Male Lead, Bromance, Debt, Boxing, Graphic Violence, Boxer Male Lead, Adapted From A Webtoon, COVID-19, Skilled Fighter, Multiple Mains ","When reserved rookie boxer Kim Geon Woo squares off against loquacious southpaw Hong Woo Jin, Geon Woo narrowly prevails — but the two former marines become fast friends. As their friendship grows, so do the financial woes that plague Geon Woo’s mother. To save her quaint café from going under, she signs off on a hefty loan. But when it turns out she’s been targeted by Smile Capital — a ruthless loan shark business — Geon Woo and Woo Jin do everything in their power to make it right. Fate intervenes as the pair end up working for a generous money lender whose foster daughter is dead set on taking down the loan sharks.(Source: Netflix)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Bloodhounds"" (사냥개들) by Jeong Chan (정찬).",8.7,12973,8,"['Woo Do Hwan', 'Lee Sang Yi', 'Heo Joon Ho', 'Park Sung Woong', 'Kim Sae Ron', 'Jung Da Eun']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),Netflix,Jason Kim,Unknown
75,Misaeng,https://mydramalist.com/10619-incomplete-life,"Business,  Life,  Drama","Workplace Abuse, Teamwork, Adapted From A Webtoon, Hardworking Male Lead, Smart Female Lead, Strong Female Lead, Nice Male Lead, Hardworking Female Lead, Bromance, Boss-Employee Relationship ","Jang Geu Rae has played the game of Go since he was a child. When his plans of becoming a professional Go player fail, the down-and-out Geu Rae is forced to take an office job as an intern set up for him by an acquaintance’s recommendation for him to a large company called One International.On his first day of work, Geu Rae meets an eager fellow intern, An Yeong Yi, as they both try to please their new boss, Section Chief Oh Sang Shik and keep up with the ambitious employee, Jang Baek Ki. But they quickly find that their department is a little different from the others.Geu Rae does his best at his new job while trying not to lose his humanity along the way.~~ Adapted from the webtoon series ""Misaeng: Incomplete Life"" (미생 - 아직 살아 있지 못한 자) by Yoon Tae Ho (윤태호).",8.7,11957,20,"['Yim Si Wan', 'Lee Sung Min', 'Kang So Ra', 'Kang Ha Neul', 'Byun Yo Han', 'Kim Dae Myung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Kim Won Suk,Jung Yoon Jung
76,Strangers from Hell,https://mydramalist.com/33075-strangers-from-hell,"Thriller,  Horror,  Psychological,  Drama","Adapted From A Webtoon, Murder, Gaslighting, Mental Torment, Mental Illness, Trauma, Torture, Animal Abuse, Hot-Tempered Male Lead, Animal Death ","Yoon Jong Woo is a young guy in his 20s who moves from the countryside to Seoul after his college friend, Jae Ho, offers him a job. While looking for a place to live, he stumbles upon Eden Gosiwon, a cheap hostel that shares the kitchen and bathroom with other residents. He is not thrilled about the quality of the place or the other abnormal residents, such as his next-door neighbor Seo Moon Jo, a charismatic dentist. Nevertheless, Jong Woo decides to put up with it for 6 months until he saves enough money to move out. However, mysterious events start occurring in the apartment, causing Jong Woo to begin fearing the apartment's residents.(Source: MyDramaList)~~ Adapted from a webtoon of the same title by Kim Yong Ki.",8.7,26327,10,"['Yim Si Wan', 'Lee Dong Wook', 'Lee Jung Eun', 'Ahn Eun Jin', 'Park Jong Hwan', 'Lee Joong Ok']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,OCN,Lee Chang Hee,Jung Yi Do
77,Our Blues,https://mydramalist.com/697585-our-blues,"Romance,  Life,  Drama,  Melodrama","Multiple Mains, Anthology, Island Setting, Middle-Aged Female Lead, Friendship, Slow Burn Story, Depression, Father-Daughter Relationship, Multiple Couples, Middle-Aged Male Lead ","""Our Blues"" takes on an omnibus-style drama, which tells the story of diverse characters that are somewhat interconnected, in one way or the other.Lee Dong Suk, a guy born on the beautiful island of Jeju, selling goods from the mainland in his truck for a living. He meets Min Sun Ah, a girl with a mysterious past, who has come to Jeju to escape that life.Park Jung Joon, a ship captain, falls in love with Lee Young Ok, a diver with a bright and bubbly personality.Jung Eun Hee, a fish shop owner, reunites with her past lover Choi Han Soo. They cross paths in Jeju Island when he returns back, after realizing that city life is not for him.(Source: EpicStream.com, edited by MyDramaList)",8.7,11602,20,"['Lee Byung Hun', 'Shin Min Ah', 'Cha Seung Won', 'Lee Jung Eun', 'Uhm Jung Hwa', 'Han Ji Min']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Netflix,  tvN","Kim Kyu Tae,  Lee Jung Mook",Noh Hee Kyung
78,Jewel in the Palace,https://mydramalist.com/263-jewel-in-the-palace,"Food,  Historical,  Romance,  Medical","Strong Female Lead, Cooking, Royal Rules And Etiquette, Joseon Dynasty, Doctor Female Lead, Orphan Female Lead, Smart Female Lead, Nice Male Lead, Slow Burn Romance, Queen Dowager Supporting Character ","About 500 years ago during the time of Chosun Dynasty, Korea boasted a rigidly hierarchical and male dominated social structure. Based on a true story about a legendary girl, Jang Geum, who became the first woman to be the supreme royal physician of her times. Despite her poor condition as a low class girl in the male dominated society, Jang Geum overcame a series of social discrimination and landed herself as a royal cook, later becoming the royal physician, then ultimately the physician in charge of the king. She was even given by the king the title ""The Great Jang Geum."" The story of her checkered life on her success and breakdown as well as her love story beautifully unfold.(Source: AsianWiki)",8.7,7821,54,"['Lee Young Ae', 'Ji Jin Hee', 'Hong Ri Na', 'Im Ho', 'Yang  Mi Kyung', 'Kyeon Mi Ri']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,MBC,Lee Byung Hoon,Kim Young Hyun
79,The First Responders,https://mydramalist.com/711391-the-police-station-next-to-fire-station,"Action,  Thriller,  Mystery,  Drama","Teamwork, Firefighter Male Lead, Slight Romance, Investigation, Suspense, Paramedic Female Lead, Persistent Male Lead, Escape From Death, Graphic Violence, Firefighter Supporting Character ","Follow the joint operations of a police force and a fire department, who together will tell a thrilling story. Fierce detective Jin Ho Gae is all about catching low-lifes. He solves cases with his excellent ability to grasp crime scenes, read a criminal's mind, and has a strong will to win. While the fearless firefighter Bong Do Jin, who seems cold on the outside, is nice to those around him, and he takes good care of victims. He rushes to fire sites without a moment of hesitation. Joining the duo is Song Seol, an empathetic paramedic who heals broken hearts while treating wounds.(Source: pinkvilla.com)",8.6,5773,12,"['Kim Rae Won', 'Son Ho Jun', 'Gong Seung Yeon', 'Kang Seo Ha', 'Hwang Young Hee', 'Kang Gi Doong']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),"DRAMAcube,  ENA,  SBS,  SBS Plus",Shin Kyung Soo,Min Ji Eun
80,Hotel del Luna,https://mydramalist.com/32925-hotel-del-luna,"Horror,  Comedy,  Romance,  Fantasy","Boss-Employee Relationship, Strong Female Lead, Ghost, Smart Female Lead, Supernatural, Ghost-seeing Male Lead, Death, Rich Female Lead, Nice Male Lead, Flashback To Past ","Nestled deep in the heart of Seoul’s thriving downtown sits a curious hotel, the like of which no one has ever seen before. Old beyond measure, the building has stood for millennia, an ever-present testament to the fact that things are not always what they seem. Running this hotel is Jang Man Wol, a greedy, suspicious soul who has spent the past thousand years acting as the establishment’s CEO.Bound to the hotel by a deity who keeps her there to save her from going berserk and self-destruction with rage, hatred and thirst for revenge. Her only hope of escape is if she can let go of her resentment and hatred and find love. Trapped in her resentment for a betrayal, Man Wol is doomed to spend all of eternity running this odd establishment, catering to the needs of the most peculiar clientele. Things take an interesting turn when Goo Chan Sung shows up. Once the youngest assistant manager ever to work at a multinational hotel corporation, Chan Sung finds himself forced to manage the Hotel del Luna because of a deal his father made with Man Wol years ago. Excellent with managing money, he starts to put Jang's excessive spending and disastrous financial situation in order; that may be exactly what this odd establishment and its cursed CEO needs.(Source: Viki; edited by Drama Addict at MyDramaList)",8.6,70355,16,"['IU', 'Yeo Jin Goo', 'Shin Jung Keun', 'Bae Hae Seon', 'P.O', 'Jo Hyun Chul']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Oh Choong Hwan,"Hong Jung Eun,  Hong Mi Ran"
81,Descendants of the Sun,https://mydramalist.com/10904-descendants-of-the-sun,"Action,  Comedy,  Romance,  Melodrama","Hardworking Male Lead, Multiple Couples, Bromance, Military, Friendship, Gun Violence, Calm Male Lead, Medical, Hardworking Female Lead, Filmed Abroad ","A love story that develops between a surgeon and a special forces officer.Kang Mo Yeon is a pretty and assertive woman who works as a cardiothoracic surgeon at Haesung Hospital. She isn't afraid to admit her mistakes and believes that capability overrides whatever connections you have. However, she is soon faced with the reality that she cannot advance with just capability. Her life is forever changed when she encounters Yoo Shi Jin, the Captain and team leader of the Alpha Team who cares more about protecting anybody in need of help as well as his country, even if it goes against the order of his superiors. This drama will tell of how they both bond together in a time of war and overcome the odds against them.(Source: AJ at MyDramaList)",8.6,91117,16,"['Song Joong Ki', 'Song Hye Kyo', 'Jin Goo', 'Kim Ji Won', 'Lee Seung Joon', 'Seo Jung Yeon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Baek Sang Hoon,  Lee Eung Bok","Kim Eun Sook,  Kim Won Seok"
82,The Fiery Priest,https://mydramalist.com/29565-hot-blooded-priest,"Action,  Mystery,  Comedy,  Crime","Badass Male Lead, Eccentric Male Lead, Sassy Female Lead, Bromance, Aggressive Male Lead, Sismance, Corruption, Character Development, Investigation, Tragic Past ","Kim Hae Il is a Catholic priest. He makes spiteful remarks, and he can be rude to others. Koo Dae Young is a detective. He talks a lot, and he is also timid. Park Kyung Sun is a prosecutor. She is smart and beautiful. She is also ambitious as a prosecutor and good at her job.The three of them team up and work together to solve a murder case involving a senior Catholic priest.(Source: AsianWiki)",8.6,10944,40,"['Kim Nam Gil', 'Kim Sung Kyun', 'Lee Ha Nee', 'Go Jun', 'Geum Sae Rok', 'Jeon Sung Woo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Lee Myung Woo,Park Jae Bum
83,Tunnel,https://mydramalist.com/21687-tunnel,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Sci-Fi,  Fantasy","Time Travel, Murder, Bromance, Hardworking Male Lead, Hidden Identity, Strong Female Lead, Character Development, Slight Romance, Death, Teamwork ","In 1986, Park Gwang Ho works as an excellent and enthusiastic detective. His life changes when he’s pursuing leads in a serial homicide case and then passes through a time portal, which transports him to present day Seoul.  He meets a new partner Kim Sun Jae, an elite detective who happens to be a bit eccentric, but is one highly skilled investigator. The detective duo will also find help in psychology professor, Shin Jae Yi.(Source: MyDramaList)",8.6,17674,16,"['Choi Jin Hyuk', 'Yoon Hyun Min', 'Lee Yoo Young', 'Jo Hee Bong', 'Kim Byung Chul', 'Kang Ki Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,OCN,"Nam Ki Hoon,  Shin Yong Hwi",Lee Eun Mi
84,Missing,https://mydramalist.com/53101-missing,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Supernatural","Ghost-seeing Male Lead, Spirit, Missing Person, Bromance, Social Justice, Righteous Male Lead, Death, Ghost, Childhood Friends' Relationship, Village Setting ","A village holds the spirits of missing, deceased people. A search to find the missing bodies and discover the truth behind their disappearance occurs.Kim Wook is a smooth talker and a good-looking man. He commits fraud to make a living. One day, he happens to arrive at Duon Village, where the missing dead gather. He soon faces numerous mysteries.Jang Pan Seok is a mysterious figure. He secretly looks for missing people. He is the connection between Duon Village and the outside world. He becomes a fraud partner with Kim Wook, and he solves cases.Lee Jong Ah is Kim Wook's supporter. She is a white hat hacker out to gain social justice. She works as a low-ranking public officer at a community center as her day job.Shin Joon Ho is an elite detective. One month prior to his wedding, his fiancée Choi Yeo Na disappears. To find her, he applies for the missing person squad.(Sources: AsianWiki; edited by Mydramalist)",8.6,7366,12,"['Go Soo', 'Heo Joon Ho', 'Ahn So Hee', 'Ha Joon', 'Seo Eun Soo', 'Song Geon Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,OCN,Min Yeon Hong,"Ban Ki Ri,  Jung So Young"
85,Live,https://mydramalist.com/24015-live,"Romance,  Life,  Drama","Teamwork, Violence, Strong Female Lead, Police Officer Female Lead, Police Officer Male Lead, Smart Female Lead, Male Chases Female First, Police Department Setting, Nice Male Lead, Investigation ","The drama revolves around the incidents that occur in the police force and the joy, sorrow, and pain that police officers experience as they try to protect justice.Yeom Sang Soo, is determined to live in the mainstream of society by becoming a public official. However, he becomes an icon of misfortune with every case that he handles and runs into conflict with a superior. Han Jung Oh is Yeom Sang Soo’s co-worker and a female officer that works to fight male chauvinism. The two characters with high fighting spirit join efforts to solve incidents.(Source: Soompi)",8.6,8064,18,"['Jung Yu Mi', 'Lee Kwang Soo', 'Bae Sung Woo', 'Bae Jong Ok', 'Sung Dong Il', 'Jang Hyun Sung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Netflix,  tvN","Kim Kyu Tae,  Myung Hyun Woo",Noh Hee Kyung
86,My Perfect Stranger,https://mydramalist.com/719347-bumped-into-you,"Mystery,  Romance,  Drama,  Sci-Fi","Time Travel, 1980s, Murder, Investigation, Calm Male Lead, Smart Male Lead, Death, News Presenter Male Lead, Editor Female Lead, Journalist Male Lead ","Yoon Hae Joon is the youngest anchor to ever work at his broadcasting station. He is calm and straightforward as a journalist and kind in his personal life. On the other hand, Baek Yoon Young dreamed of becoming a writer but wound up working at a publishing company. The two somehow travel back in time to the year 1987. There, Yoon Hae Joon tries to find the truth behind a serial murder case while Baek Yoon Young attempts to prevent her parents from marrying. They soon realize that their objectives are connected. (Source: AsianWiki; edited by MyDramaList)",8.6,4948,16,"['Kim Dong Wook', 'Jin Ki Joo', 'Seo Ji Hye', 'Lee Won Jung', 'Lee Ji Hyun', 'Lee Kyu Hoe']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"KBS2,  ViuTV","Kang Soo Yeon,  Lee Woong Hee",Baek So Yeon
87,Law School,https://mydramalist.com/62623-law-school,"Mystery,  Law,  Crime,  Drama","Smart Male Lead, University, Death, Hardworking Female Lead, Rich Male Lead, Nice Male Lead, Slow Burn Romance, Poor Female Lead, Uncle-Nephew Relationship, Nepotism ","When a grim incident occurs at their prestigious school, justice through law is put to the test by a tough law professor and his ambitious students.Yang Jong Hoon is a criminal law professor and a former elite prosecutor, whose harsh words make him the professor to steer clear of.  At the same time, there’s something compelling about his strict teaching methods and his refusal to accept less than the best from his future juniors in the legal profession.Han Joon Hwi, a first-year law student, is at the top of his class. He’s a natural leader whose good looks and easy charm make him the perfect man - on paper. However, there’s an unexpected side to him that remains well-hidden. Kang Sol (A) is another first-year law student who overcame childhood poverty and hardships by gaining special admission to the school. She walks a path of thorns due to her constant sense of deprivation and shame amidst the wealth and talent that surrounds her. Eventually, her passion will enlighten her on what it truly takes to be a good lawyer.Kim Eun Sook is a civil law professor who was once the head of the law school’s free legal clinic. Her natural air of authority and freewheeling personality earned her the reputation for being a master in court. Known for being a highly relatable professor, she is the sole colleague Yang Jong Hoon dares to confide in.(Source: Netflix; Soompi)",8.6,20504,16,"['Kim Myung Min', 'Kim Bum', 'Ryu Hye Young', 'Lee Jung Eun', 'Lee Soo Kyung', 'David Lee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"jTBC,  Netflix",Kim Seok Yoon,Seo In
88,My Liberation Notes,https://mydramalist.com/685441-an-untitled-jtbc-project,"Romance,  Life,  Drama,  Melodrama","Slow Burn Story, Introverted Female Lead, Loneliness, Slow Burn Romance, Alcoholic Male Lead, Alcoholism, Multiple Mains, Inner Monologue, Introverted Male Lead, Character Development ","Set in Sanpo Village where more people leave than remain, the three Yeom siblings, Chang Hee, Mi Jung, and Ki Jung, wish to escape from a life rife with uncertainty. A mysterious man, Mr. Goo, moves into their neighbourhood. He is a drunkard with the look of someone with many burdens and secrets. His cautious personality and preference for keeping to himself make him the subject of gossip. Mi Jung, the youngest and most timid Yeom sibling, decides to approach him. (Source: Namu Wiki, Pinkvilla)",8.6,15250,16,"['Lee Min Ki', 'Kim Ji Won', 'Son Suk Ku', 'Lee El', 'Lee Ki Woo', 'Chun Ho Jin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"jTBC,  Netflix",Kim Seok Yoon,Park Hae Young
89,"It's Okay, That's Love",https://mydramalist.com/9289-its-okay-thats-love,"Psychological,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Strong Female Lead, Psychiatry, Trauma, Healing, Adult Romance, Melodrama, Cohabitation, Rich Male Lead, Hallucination, Cheerful Male Lead ","Despite being a bit of a prickly pear, Jang Jae Yeol has become famous for authoring mystery novels and for hosting a popular radio show. While sitting on a talk show panel with psychiatrist Ji Hae Soo, it became clear to all that the two just rubbed each other the wrong way. The unthinkable happens when Jae Yeol’s girlfriend plagiarizes his work, forcing him to lie low until the media storm blows over. Only then he can prove his innocence. Jae Yeol moves into a house he owns but rents out. One of the current tenants, is none other than Hae Soo, unwittingly making them housemates.Add to the mix Jo Dong Min, Hae Soo’s senior colleague and fellow psychiatrist, and Park Soo Kwang, a young man with Tourette’s Syndrome. As personalities clash, Jae Yeol and Hae Soo help the other heal from their deeply-rooted emotional scars.(Source: MyDramalist)",8.6,40707,16,"['Zo In Sung', 'Gong Hyo Jin', 'Sung Dong Il', 'Lee Kwang Soo', 'Jin Kyung', 'Lee Sung Kyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Kim Kyu Tae,Noh Hee Kyung
90,Children of Nobody,https://mydramalist.com/30967-red-moon-blue-sea,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Psychological,  Drama","Trauma, Child Abuse, Smart Female Lead, Murder, Tragic Past, Psychiatry, Child Abandonment, Domestic Violence, Strong Female Lead, Hallucination ","Cha Woo Kyung is a child counselor who works at a children’s center. Her life seems perfect since she is married to a great husband and is pregnant. However, her perfect life doesn't last long, when an accident changes her life. She then meets Kang Ji Hun, a detective who is strict toward criminals and believes they should be punished to the full extent.(Source: MyDramaList)",8.6,4680,32,"['Kim Sun Ah', 'Lee Yi Kyung', 'Nam Gyu Ri', 'Cha Hak Yeon', 'Joo Seok Tae', 'Na Young Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Choi Jung Gyu,Do Hyun Jung
91,Once Again,https://mydramalist.com/44611-i-have-been-there-once,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","Family Relationship, Big Family, Multiple Couples, Multiple Mains, Heartwarming, Love/Hate Relationship, Bickering Mains' Relationship, Married Life, Second Chance Romance, Secret Romance ","""Once Again"" is the story of the eventful Song family who can’t get a day of peace and their neighbors in Yongju Market. Frugal father Song Young Dal and nagging mother Jang Ok Boon have been married for many years and have 4 adult children: stuntman Joon Sun, housewife Ga Hee, pediatrician Na Hee, and intern Da Hee.The third child Na Hee works with her fellow pediatrician husband Gyu Jin at the same hospital. They fell in love during their medical school days and got married, but they have since drifted apart and their married life is not doing well. Meanwhile, the first child Joon Sun and second child Ga Hee are both divorcees and have returned to live with their parents, while the youngest child Da Hee is engaged to be married soon.Partway, mysterious kimbap restaurant owner Kang Cho Yeon joins the fray and opens up shop in the Yongju Market. How will her appearance impact the other characters?(Source: AsianWiki)",8.6,5170,100,"['Chun Ho Jin', 'Cha Hwa Yun', 'Lee Jung Eun', 'Oh Dae Hwan', 'Lee Min Jung', 'Lee Sang Yeob']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Lee Jae Sang,Yang Hee Seung
92,Ghost Doctor,https://mydramalist.com/688213-ghost-doctor,"Comedy,  Medical,  Fantasy,  Supernatural","Doctor Male Lead, Spirit, Bromance, Ghost, Spirit Possession, Doctor Female Lead, Arrogant Male Lead, Ghost-seeing Male Lead, Rich Male Lead, Slight Romance ","Cha Young Min is a genius doctor, with excelling skills at surgery, but he is arrogant and selfish. One day, he gets involved in an accident and due to this, his spirit possesses another doctor's body, Seung Tak. These two doctors are complete opposites, with opposite personalities and medical abilities.Young Min is arrogant and cold-blooded, only cares about his career and doesn't care about any of his patient's personal stories. Seung Tak is the luckiest and richest resident doctor whose grandfather is the founder of Myung-shin hospital and whose mother is the chairman of the hospital. Never wanting to be a good doctor, he becomes possessed by a ghost doctor.  (Source: AsianWiki, CJ ENM)",8.6,13803,16,"['Rain', 'Kim Bum', 'Uee', 'Son Na Eun', 'Sung Dong Il', 'Tae In Ho']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Boo Sung Chul,Kim Eun Hee
93,Juvenile Justice,https://mydramalist.com/79997-boy-referee,"Law,  Drama","Hardworking Female Lead, Strong Female Lead, Tough Female Lead, Kind Male Lead, Hardworking Male Lead, Redemption, Violence, Delinquent Supporting Character, Judge Female Lead, Web Series ","Sim Eun Seok is an elite judge with a prickly personality who hates juvenile offenders. After she gets assigned to a local juvenile court, she tries to balance her aversion to minor offenders with firm beliefs on justice and punishment, as she goes out of her way to break custom and administer her own ways of punishing the offenders.(Source: Netflix, AsianWiki)",8.6,13782,10,"['Kim Hye Soo', 'Kim Mu Yeol', 'Lee Sung Min', 'Lee Jung Eun', 'Lee Sang Hee', 'Park Ji Yun']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),Netflix,Hong Jong Chan,Kim Min Sook
94,Go Back Couple,https://mydramalist.com/24863-go-back-couple,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Fantasy","Time Travel, Love/Hate Relationship, Mother-Daughter Relationship, Misunderstanding, Failing Marriage, 1990s, Sismance, Bromance, Second Chance Romance, Sassy Female Lead ","38-years-old married couple, Choi Ban Do and Ma Jin Joo, were in love when they got married but now, hate each other and regret marrying at such a young age. Choi Ban Do has been burdened with being the breadwinner, and Ma Jin Joo is a housewife with low self-esteem. The couple travels through time and finds themselves as 20-year-old university students when they met for the first time.(Source: AsianWiki)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Do it One More Time"" (한번 더 해요) written by Miti (미티) and illustrated by Gugu (구구).",8.6,19258,12,"['Jang Na Ra', 'Son Ho Jun', 'Heo Jung Min', 'Han Bo Reum', 'Jang Ki Yong', 'Go Bo Gyeol']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Ha Byung Hoon,Kwon Hye Joo
95,Empress Ki,https://mydramalist.com/7114-empress-ki,"Historical,  Romance,  Melodrama,  Political","Smart Female Lead, Strong Female Lead, Power Struggle, Possessive Male Lead, Love Triangle, Yuan Dynasty, Revenge, Cross-Dressing, Goryeo Dynasty, Female Lead Action Scenes ","Genghis Khan built an empire that spanned vast regions in East Asia and East Europe. And there was one woman who held immense power in the Yuan Dynasty, which Genghis Khan founded, for 37 years. She was neither of Mongol descent nor from the Han Chinese. She came from Goryeo, a small kingdom in the Far East. She was taken to Mongol against her will as a Gungnyeo (palace women) but somehow overcame her lowly status to become the last  empress in another land. Her name was Empress Ki.(Source: MBC)",8.6,15954,51,"['Ha Ji Won', 'Ji Chang Wook', 'Joo Jin Mo', 'Baek Jin Hee', 'Jin Yi Han', 'Kim Seo Hyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Han Hee,  Lee Sung Joon","Jang Young Chul,  Jung Kyung Soon"
96,Eulachacha Waikiki,https://mydramalist.com/26644-eulachacha-waikiki,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","Bromance, Friends To Lovers, Motherhood, Cohabitation, Babysitting, Multiple Couples, Mother-Daughter Relationship, Nice Male Lead, Clumsy Female Lead, Secret Crush ","Three very different young men – Dong Goo, the bad luck incarnate who dreams of becoming a film director; Joon Ki, an eccentric actor who performs to make a living; and Doo Shik, a freelance writer who fiddles around doing nothing most of the time - open a guest house named “Waikiki” in Itaewon where many foreigners come to stay. Although they have no clue how to run it, they’re eager to earn money to pay for the production of their upcoming film.Joined by Dong Goo’s younger sister Seo Jin, who actually manages the household in Waikiki; single mother Yoon Ah, who has made an unexpected landing in the guest house with her mysterious baby; and Dong Goo’s ex-girlfriend Soo Ah, they all start living together in an uncomfortable and suspicious atmosphere.(Source: JTBC)",8.6,29700,20,"['Kim Jung Hyun', 'Lee Yi Kyung', 'Son Seung Won', 'Jung In Sun', 'Go Won Hee', 'Lee Joo Woo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,Lee Chang Min,Kim Ki Ho
97,Love to Hate You,https://mydramalist.com/713771-love-battle,"Comedy,  Law,  Romance","Badass Female Lead, Enemies To Lovers, Actor Male Lead, Social Issues, Strong Female Lead, Famous Male Lead, Gender Discrimination, Skilled Fighter, Famous Lead/Common Lead, Contract Relationship ","Yeo Mi Ran works as a novice lawyer at Gilmu Law Firm, a company that primarily serves the entertainment industry. She has no interest in pursuing a romantic relationship and detests losing to men in any competition.Nam Kang Ho, a renowned actor in the entertainment industry, is widely popular in South Korea owing to his good looks, intellect, and benevolent nature. While he is in high demand for romantic movie roles, he doesn't have much faith in women.Despite their shared disbelief in love, Yeo Mi Ran and Nam Kang Ho find themselves engaged in a romantic battle.(Source: MyDramaList)",8.6,22886,10,"['Kim Ok Bin', 'Yoo Teo', 'Kim Ji Hoon', 'Go Won Hee', 'Lee Joo Bin', 'Kim Sung Ryung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Netflix,Kim Jung Kwon,"Choi Soo Young,  Choi Soo Young"
98,Good Manager,https://mydramalist.com/20340-good-manager,"Business,  Comedy,  Crime,  Drama","Eccentric Male Lead, Corruption, Social Satire, Bromance, Smart Male Lead, Revenge, Enemy Mine, Smart Female Lead, Strong Female Lead, Character Development ","Can corporate politics turn a bad person into a good person? Kim Sung Ryong is a skilled accountant who works for gangsters. He makes his way into a company called TQ Group as a middle manager in the accounting department with the intention of embezzling money from the company. As he contends with hot-shot accountant Yoon Ha Kyung, financial prodigy Seo Yul and peppy intern Hong Ga Eun, Sung Ryong finds himself embroiled in office politics and notices other shenanigans by those in power that threaten to bring down the company. Sung Ryong slowly comes to realize that he’d rather fight against corporate corruption and fight for employees’ rights than complete the mission he originally came to do. Can he succeed at his new objective against all odds?(Source: KoreanDrama.org)",8.6,15067,20,"['Namkoong Min', 'Nam Sang Mi', 'Lee Jun Ho', 'Jung Hye Sung', 'Kim Won Hae', 'Kim Kang Hyun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Lee Jae Hoon,  Choi Yoon Seok",Park Jae Bum
99,Duty After School,https://mydramalist.com/700087-after-school-war-activities,"Action,  Thriller,  Drama,  Sci-Fi","Military, High School, Survival, Supernatural Phenomena, Apocalypse, Leadership, Monsters, Gore, War, Bully Male Lead ","The students and teachers at Sungjin High School receive a terrifying shock when they witness the start of an alien invasion. Coming from the skies, horrific “eggs” hatch violent insect-like creatures that attack humans. The invasion is worldwide, and the South Korean military fears it will be overwhelmed. In desperation, the President announces that mandatory conscription will begin – and that all third-year high schoolers – male and female – must join the armed forces.Soldiers arrive at Sungjin High School. And the third-years – who only have 50 days until they are supposed to sit their university entrance exams – must commence their military training in the school playground. They must learn how to shoot rifles, fight hand-to-hand, and navigate obstacle courses...in their school uniform! Putting the students through their paces will be the platoon leader Lee Chun Ho. Meanwhile, the class teacher Park Eun Young is determined to do what she can to keep her students out of harm’s way. Will the high schoolers help save the planet from doom?(Source: Viki)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Duty After School"" (방과 후 전쟁활동) by Ha Il Kwon (하일권).",8.6,8847,6,"['Shin Hyun Soo', 'Lee Soon Won', 'Kim Ki Hae', 'Choi Moon Hee', 'Kim Su Gyeom', 'Lee Yeon']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),TVING,Sung Yong Il,Lee Nam Gyu
100,Money Heist,https://mydramalist.com/732025-money-heist-korea-joint-economic-area-part-2,"Action,  Thriller,  Mystery,  Crime","Heist, Hostage Situation, Suspense, Multiple Mains, Violence, Non-MDL Remake, Reunification Of Korea, Slight Romance, Investigation, Graphic Violence ","Thieves overtake the mint of a unified Korea. With hostages trapped inside, the police must stop them — as well as the shadowy mastermind behind it all. (Source: Netflix) ~~ Remake of the Spanish TV series ""Money Heist"" (La Casa de Papel) [2017].",8.6,6994,6,"['Yoo Ji Tae', 'Park Hae Soo', 'Jeon Jong Seo', 'Lee Won Jong', 'Kim Ji Hoon', 'Jang Yoon Ju']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),Netflix,Kim Hong Seon,"Ryu Yong Jae,  Kim Hwan Chae,  Choi Sung Joon"
101,Big Mouth,https://mydramalist.com/685801-big-mouse,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Law,  Drama","Suspense, Death, Investigation, Lawyer Male Lead, Murder, Brave Female Lead, Prison Setting, Hardship, Greed, Wrongfully Accused ","Park Chang Ho is known since his school days as ""Big Mouth"" because he talks big and promises big things but can not follow it up. He is also an infamous lawyer with a very low rate of success who was hired by a Mayor because of his incompetence. Unfortunately, he was framed as the notorious and mysterious swindler ""Big Mouse"" and sent to prison.Go Mi Ho is Park Chang Ho's loving wife who works as a nurse. She has strong personality and will do anything to prove the innocence of her husband and help solve the case the Mayor has given to her husband.Will Go Mi Ho be successful in proving her husband's innocence? Or, will her investigations lead to opening a can of worms?(Source: I'M YourOnlyOne at MyDramaList)",8.6,19509,16,"['Lee Jong Suk', 'Im Yoon Ah', 'Kim Joo Heon', 'Kwak Dong Yeon', 'Yang Kyung Won', 'Ok Ja Yeon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Hulu,  MBC","Oh Choong Hwan,  Bae Hyun Jin","Jang Young Chul,  Jung Kyung Soon"
102,Stranger Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/27361-stranger-2,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Law,  Drama","Corruption, Calm Male Lead, Smart Male Lead, Suspense, Emotional Blunting, Power Struggle, Strong Female Lead, Alexithymia, Strong Male Lead, Sassy Female Lead ","The prosecutor's office and the police find themselves on opposing sides. The prosecutors, including elite prosecutor Woo Tae Ha, want discretionary power over investigations. Meanwhile, the police, including Choi Bit, try to get the complete investigative authority that is independent of the prosecutor's office.In this tense situation, Prosecutor Hwang Shi Mok and Detective Han Yeo Jin chase after the truth in a hidden case.(Source: AsianWiki)",8.6,8744,16,"['Cho Seung Woo', 'Bae Doo Na', 'Jeon Hye Jin', 'Choi Moo Sung', 'Lee Joon Hyuk', 'Yoon Se Ah']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Netflix,  tvN",Park Hyun Suk,Lee Soo Yeon
103,Beautiful World,https://mydramalist.com/32507-beautiful-world,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Life,  Melodrama","School Bullying, Coma, Tearjerker, High School, Investigation, Suspense, Strong Female Lead, Violence, Student Supporting Character, Student Female Lead ","This drama is about a boy on the edge of life and death, and his family's quest to find the truth.  Amidst the lies and secrets, mistrust and pain, the family looks for hope in this crazy world.  Mu Jin, is a teacher and a father. His wife, In Ha, runs 'Ho Ho Bakery' and they have a 9th-grade son and an 8th-grade daughter.  For the sake of their kids' education, they move to a different neighborhood. One day, at their new competitive school, Sun Ho gets into an accident, causing him to become brain dead.  The father and mother, filled with great guilt and rage because of the accident, investigate to find out what happened to cause the accident.  Su Ho, Sun Ho's baby sister, also sets out on her own to find out the truth behind her brother's accident.(Source: JTBC)",8.6,3194,16,"['Park Hee Soon', 'Choo Ja Hyun', 'Oh Man Suk', 'Cho Yeo Jung', 'Nam  Da Reum', 'Kim Hwan Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"jTBC,  Viki",Park Chan Hong,Kim Ji Woo
104,The Bridal Mask,https://mydramalist.com/3394-the-bridal-mask,"Action,  Historical,  Romance,  Political","Japanese Colonial Rule, Hidden Identity, Rebellion, Revenge, Love Triangle, Murder, First Love, Adapted From A Manhwa, Investigation, Drama ","Lee Kang To is an ambitious and callous Korean officer employed by the Japanese colonists. Despite his mother's disapproval of his work and his own brother's antagonistic history with the Japanese, Kang To continues to play by the colonist's rules in hopes of becoming successful and bringing his family out of poverty. However, a mysterious figure wearing a traditional Bridal Mask always seems to get in Kang To's way. The Bridal Mask appears as a Zorro-like figure who protects the people from the Japanese colonists' oppression and abuse of power. An unexpected turn of events brings Kang To to cross paths with the mysterious Bridal Mask, changing his future and the nation's history forever. (Source: IMDb)~~ Adapted from the manhwa ""Bridal Mask"" (각시탈) by Heo Young Man (허영만).",8.6,10865,28,"['Joo Won', 'Jin Se Yeon', 'Park Ki Woong', 'Han Chae Ah', 'Shin Hyun Joon', 'Chun Ho Jin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Yoon Sung Shik,  Cha Young Hoon",Yoo Hyun Mi
105,Reborn Rich,https://mydramalist.com/79607-youngest-son-of-a-conglomerate,"Business,  Drama,  Fantasy,  Political","Transmigration, Power Struggle, Family, Corruption, Conglomerate, Family Dispute, Smart Male Lead, Revenge, Adapted From A Web Novel, Family Conflict ","Yoon Hyun Woo is a devoted, hard-working, and loyal secretary to the Soonyang chaebol family, which runs the lucrative Soonyang Group business empire, founded by Jin Yang Cheol. During a power struggle between Jin Yang Cheol's children for control of the empire, Hyun Woo is ruthlessly betrayed and killed under the orders of an unknown member of the chaebol family. Miraculously he wakes up as a kid inside the body of the youngest member of the family – Jin Do Jun.After he realizes what has happened, Yoon Hyun Wo plots to use his new “identity” to formulate a hostile takeover of the group – and punish the people who killed him. But, will the cold-blooded and money-hungry CEO of Soonyang Group, one who firmly believes in right of primogeniture, be so easy to win over or conquer? Will Hyun Woo be able to wrest the reins from Jin Yang Cheol's children? And what role will be played in all this by a dogged public prosecutor named Seo Min Young, nicknamed “Soonyang Group Grim Reaper”?(Source: LuckyGirlGwenIce at MyDramaList)~~ Adapted from the web novel ""Youngest Son of a Conglomerate"" (재벌집 막내아들) by San Gyung (산경).",8.6,14351,16,"['Song Joong Ki', 'Lee Sung Min', 'Shin Hyun Bin', 'Yoon Je Moon', 'Kim Jung Nan', 'Jo Han Chul']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"jTBC,  ViuTV",Jeong Dae Yun,Kim Tae Hee
106,Cruel City,https://mydramalist.com/6719-cruel-city,"Action,  Thriller,  Romance,  Crime","Badass Male Lead, Gang, Bromance, Strong Female Lead, Strong Male Lead, Smart Male Lead, Sismance, Steamy Kiss, Orphan Male Lead, Detective Male Lead ","It portrays the cruel life of the drug cartels and the story of revenge for a loved one. Jung Shi Hyun is a newly appointed under-boss of the drug cartel. He lives in the shadows. No one knows his true name. No one knows his identity except the ones he calls friends. When Jung Shi Hyun is accused of murder, he is determined to find out who really killed the girlfriend of Ji Hyung Min. But is it really only for himself? Or does he have another reason to find out who killed her? Ji Hyung Min is a detective who is seeking revenge for the death of his girlfriend. He only has one suspect in mind, Doctor's Son. He's determined to catch him and kill him for what he has done. But no one knows what Doctor's Son looks like or any details about him, so how is he supposed to know who he is and how to find him? He proceeds on a long journey to fight for justice.(Source: Hwayi at MyDramaList)",8.5,9573,20,"['Jung Kyung Ho', 'Nam Gyu Ri', 'Lee Jae Yoon', 'Son Chang Min', 'Kim Yoo Mi', 'Choi Moo Sung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,Lee Jeong Hyo,Yoo Sung Yeol
107,My Father Is Strange,https://mydramalist.com/21846-my-father-is-strange,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Family Secret, Eccentric Female Lead, Fake Incest, Multiple Couples, Strong Female Lead, Father-Daughter Relationship, Mother-Daughter Relationship, Mother-Son Relationship, Father-Son Relationship, Evil Mother-in-Law ","This drama is about a family that lives on the outskirts of Seoul. Byun Han Soo is the father and His wife, Na Yeong Shil is a dedicated, responsible mother to his three daughters and one son including Hye Yeong, Mi Yeong, Ra Yeong, and Joon Young. Suddenly one day, Ahn Joong Hee shows up at the household and declares that he is the son of the family. Joong Hee is an actor who used to be a member of an idol group. He begins to live with them.(Source: Koreandrama)",8.5,11497,52,"['Kim Yeong Cheol', 'Kim Hae Sook', 'Ryu Soo Young', 'Lee Yoo Ri', 'Lee Joon', 'Jung So Min']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Lee Jae Sang,Lee Jung Sun
108,Nobody Knows,https://mydramalist.com/35205-nobody-knows,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Drama,  Melodrama","Strong Female Lead, Smart Female Lead, Murder, Death, Guilt, Unusual Friendship, Calm Female Lead, Trauma, Friendship, Self-harm ","Detective Young Jin, from the regional investigation unit, has only one thing on her mind: to catch the 'Stigmata' serial killer that murdered her friend 19 years ago. She carries guilt and trauma over the event. She has no friends and lives alone. Her downstairs neighbor’s son, Eun Ho, has built a relationship with her ever since she moved above their apartment. He does menial house chores for her.One day,  Eun Ho seems to have fallen off the roof of their apartment building and left in a coma. Young Jin senses foul play and decides to take it upon herself to get to the bottom of it. With the help of Eun Ho’s homeroom teacher, Sun Woo, the both begin to uncover that Eun Ho’s injuries were no accident.",8.5,4459,16,"['Kim Seo Hyung', 'Ryu Deok Hwan', 'Park Hoon', 'Ahn Ji Ho', 'Min Jin Woong', 'Kang Ye Won']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Lee Jung Heum,Kim Eun Hyang
109,Avengers Social Club,https://mydramalist.com/24353-avengers-social-club,"Comedy,  Life,  Drama","Revenge, Sismance, Strong Female Lead, Healing, Smart Male Lead, Mother-Son Relationship, Mother-Daughter Relationship, Tragic Past, Female Centered Plot, Abusive Husband ","It features three women from different walks of life coming together for revenge: a middle-aged fish store owner who envisioned a better life for herself, a housewife, and an heiress who was raised like a delicate greenhouse flower. They’re an unlikely trio who would never otherwise meet, but they join forces to carry out their individual revenge. Although they start out as co-conspirators, along the way, they’ll build a strong friendship.(Source: Letterboxd)~~Adapted from the webtoon ""Buam-dong Revenge Social Club"" (부암동 복수자 소셜클럽) by Sajatokki (사자토끼).",8.5,5610,12,"['Lee Yo Won', 'Ra Mi Ran', 'Myung Se Bin', 'Lee Jun Young', 'Choi Byung Mo', 'Jang Yong']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,"Kwon Seok Jang,  Kim Sang Ho","Kim Yi Ji,  Hwang Da Eun"
110,Designated Survivor,https://mydramalist.com/32227-designated-survivor,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Drama,  Political","Blue House, Power Struggle, Conspiracy, Lying, Terrorism, Social Commentary, Deception, National Intelligence Service, National Assembly, Death ","Park Moo Jin is a former professor of chemistry and now holds the Minister of Environment position. He doesn't have ambition, personal beliefs or political sense. One day, the cabinet is gathered in the National Assembly for the president's address. A terror attack takes place, killing many government officials, including the president and ministers. Park Moo Jin is the highest ranking government official left alive. He doesn't want the position, but he must sit as the acting president for 60 days. Park Moo Jin chases after the person or group responsible for the attack as he grows as a national leader.(Source: AsianWiki)~~ Remake of the American TV series ""Designated Survivor"" [2016].",8.5,6003,16,"['Ji Jin Hee', 'Son Suk Ku', 'Kang Han Na', 'Heo Joon Ho', 'Lee Joon Hyuk', 'Choi Yoon Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Netflix,  tvN",Yoo Jong Sun,Kim Tae Hee
111,Age of Youth,https://mydramalist.com/18896-age-of-youth,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","Friendship, Sismance, Multiple Mains, Coming Of Age, Strong Female Lead, Hardworking Female Lead, Multiple Couples, Shy Female Lead, Workplace Abuse, Female Centered Plot ","Five girls in their twenties come to live together in a house called ""Belle Epoque,"" which means ""a beautiful time"" in French. Each girl has a particular personality, background, and issues. In addition to the five girls, they believe there is a sixth presence - a ghost living in the house, but each sees the ghost differently. As the girls feel a bond of sympathy and become closer, they also deal with their personal issues as they live out their eventful twenties. The drama follows their struggles and incidents dealing with relationships - within their circles, with dating, and with each other - and a variety of events they are experiencing, including credits, part-time jobs, drinking, hopes and dreams.(Source: JTBC)",8.5,31180,12,"['Han Ye Ri', 'Han Seung Yeon', 'Park Eun Bin', 'Ryu Hwa Young', 'Park Hye Soo', 'Yoon Park']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,Lee Tae Gon,Park Yeon Sun
112,Little Women,https://mydramalist.com/704957-little-women,"Action,  Thriller,  Mystery,  Drama","Outcast Female Lead, Female Centered Plot, Sisters' Relationship, Poor Female Lead, Poor Family, Murder, Investigation, Reporter Female Lead, Teenager Female Lead, Stolen Money ","About three sisters with a close bond who grew up in poverty. It is the exciting story of the sisters as they get embroiled in a major incident and face off against the wealthiest family in the nation.The eldest sister Oh In Joo wants to protect her family with money. Growing up in extreme poverty, her only dream was to live as well off as other normal people, but a major incident completely shakes up her life.The second sister Oh In Kyung is a news reporter who does not want to bow down to money and aims to always do what’s right. When a mysterious case from her early reporter days returns close to her, she starts digging for the truth.Oh In Hye, the youngest, is overwhelmed by the love of her older sisters who work hard for her. Although she has never even used decent art supplies due to their family’s financial situation, she enters an art high school with her natural talent.(Source: Soompi)~~ Adapted loosely from the novel ""Little Women"" by Louisa May Alcott.",8.5,20468,12,"['Kim Go Eun', 'Nam Ji Hyun', 'Park Ji Hu', 'Wi Ha Joon', 'Uhm Ki Joon', 'Uhm Ji Won']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Netflix,  tvN",Kim Hee Won,Jung Seo Kyung
113,Just Between Lovers,https://mydramalist.com/24230-just-between-lovers,"Psychological,  Romance,  Melodrama","Trauma, Orphan Male Lead, Healing, Death, Hardworking Female Lead, Fated Love, Hardworking Male Lead, Phobia, Strong Female Lead, Second Chance ","A major accident takes the lives of 48 people. The lives of the survivors, those who lost loved ones and those connected to the parties blamed for the tragic event are also marked forever. When he was 15, Lee Gang Doo dreamt of playing for the Korean national soccer team, but the serious injury he incurred destroyed those dreams. In the years following, Gang Doo spends his days fighting through physical and emotional pain, as he struggles to support his sister pay back a hefty debt and live frugally. When she was 15, Ha Moon Soo lived through the accident but is still plagued by nightmares years later. She lives above the women’s bathhouse that her mother runs. She specializes in creating architectural models that are key safety elements in any major building planning processes.Some years later a construction project is due to kick-off at the accident site. It brings back painful memories for Gang Doo, Moon Soo, and all those connected to the tragedy.  While some oppose the project, others become involved in the construction process. As these people cross paths, they help each other to face their trauma and overcome their pain. Together they move forward and find a new will to live and embrace the future.(Source: MyDramaList)",8.5,32757,16,"['Lee Jun Ho', 'Won Jin Ah', 'Lee Ki Woo', 'Kang Han Na', 'Kim Hye Joon', 'Yoon Se Ah']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,Kim Jin Won,Yoo Bo Ra
114,Bad and Crazy,https://mydramalist.com/695539-bad-and-crazy,"Action,  Thriller,  Mystery,  Comedy","Injustice, Corruption, Investigation, Eccentric Male Lead, Strong Male Lead, Strong Female Lead, Slight Romance, Antihero Male Lead, Police Officer Male Lead, Bromance ","Soo Yeol, the competent ‘bad boy’ on the police squad, regains his humanity after meeting K, the righteous but ‘crazy’ guy. Despite having a mere high school diploma, Soo Yeol is an accomplished member of the Anti Corruption Unit. He’s ambitious, so he chooses pet cases of his superiors and produces their desired outcomes. Often that means turning a blind eye to injustice, especially if it stands in the way of those preferred results. With promotion time looming and without anyone’s backing, Soo Yeol fears exclusion once again. Congressman Do Yoo Gon had given him some hope of advancement but dashed when the righteous but crazy K entered his life. What can go wrong when the bad boy and the crazy guy join forces?(Source: iQiyi)",8.5,19402,12,"['Lee Dong Wook', 'Wi Ha Joon', 'Han Ji Eun', 'Cha Hak Yeon', 'Sung Ji Ru', 'Cha Shi Won']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"iQiyi,  tvN",Yoo Seon Dong,Kim Sae Bom
115,Blind,https://mydramalist.com/715771-blind,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Drama","Investigation, Suspense, Judge Male Lead, Detective Male Lead, Perfectionist Male Lead, Juror Supporting Character, IT Engineer Supporting Character, Site Manager Supporting Character, Shaman Supporting Character, Production Director (PD) Supporting Character ","Ryu Sung Joon, Ryu Sung Hoon and Jo Eun Ki become involved in a serial murder case involving jury members as the victims. These three individuals try to uncover the truth behind the deaths.Ryu Sung Joon works as an enthusiastic detective. He is always determined to catch the bad guys. Due to his determination, his arrest rate is always among the top for detectives. His older brother is Ryu Sung Hoon and he works as a judge. Ryu Sung Hoon is a perfectionist and smart enough to have passed the bar exam with the top score and graduated at the top of his class at the Judicial Research and Training Institute. He is an upright man who does his best to impart a fair judgement. Jo Eun Ki  works as a social worker. She has a warm heart and is full of justice. She always puts people first and tries to be a reliable guardian to children who come from poor backgrounds.(Source: AsianWiki)",8.5,5987,16,"['Ok Taec Yeon', 'Ha Seok Jin', 'Jung Eun Ji', 'Jung In Ki', 'Jung Eui Wook', 'Park Ji Bin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"OCN,  tvN",Shin Yong Hwi,Kwon Ki Kyung
116,My Love from the Star,https://mydramalist.com/7398-you-who-came-from-the-stars,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Supernatural","Interspecies Romance, Sassy Female Lead, Superhuman Strength, Time Manipulation, Star Crossed Lovers, Steamy Kiss, Special Power, Smart Male Lead, Airhead Female Lead, Opposites Attract ","Do Min Joon is an alien who landed on Earth 400 years ago during the Joseon Dynasty period. He possesses a near perfect appearance and enhanced physical abilities involving his vision, hearing and speed. Later, he discovers that he has three months left on Earth. And that is when he meets Cheon Song Yi, the biggest Hallyu star in Korea.(Source: Amazon.com)",8.5,75834,21,"['Kim Soo Hyun', 'Jun Ji Hyun', 'Park Hae Jin', 'Yoo In Na', 'Shin Sung Rok', 'Kim Chang Wan']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Oh Choong Hwan,  Jang Tae Yoo",Park Ji Eun
117,365,https://mydramalist.com/50717-365-one-year-against-destiny,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Drama,  Fantasy","Strong Female Lead, Time Travel, Nice Male Lead, Suspense, Murder, Fate, Supernatural, Lying, Bromance, Strong Male Lead ","A story where ten people get the chance to go back in time by one year, but unexpectedly mysterious situations start to arise when their fates are changed and twisted in the process.Ji Hyung Joo is a detective in the violent crimes division. He used to be part of the traffic police but was promoted when he arrested a wanted criminal.It's been seven years since the change, and he's a talented individual who always knows how to relax. Though he is happy at first to have the chance to go back in time by one year and ""reset"" his life, he begins to search for the truth when a series of mysterious events befall the group of people he goes back in time with.(Source: Soompi, MBC)~~ Adapted from the novel “Repeat"" by Inui Kurumi.",8.5,8886,24,"['Lee Joon Hyuk', 'Nam Ji Hyun', 'Kim Jee Soo', 'Lee Sung Wook', 'Yoon Joo Sang', 'Ahn Seung Gyun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Kim Kyung Hee,"Lee Seo Yoon,  Lee Soo Kyung"
118,Revenge of Others,https://mydramalist.com/716231-third-person-revenge,"Action,  Thriller,  Mystery,  Drama","Skilled Fighter, Slight Romance, Strong Male Lead, Strong Female Lead, Investigation, Revenge, Amnesia, School Bullying, Death Of A Brother, Suspense ","A boy falls to his death at school, but Ok Chan Mi does not believe that her twin brother, Park Won Seok, committed suicide. She then transfers to her brother's school, Yongtan High, and meets Ji Soo Heon, who witnessed her brother's death. During that time a ""hero,"" who avenges bullied students, appears at Yongtan High. Chan Mi speculates that it may be connected to her brother and starts looking for this hero.(Source: Hulu)",8.5,14280,12,"['Shin Ye Eun', 'Lomon', 'Seo Ji Hoon', 'Chae Sang Woo', 'Lee Soo Min', 'Jung Soo Bin']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),"Disney+,  Hulu",Kim Yoo Jin,Lee Hee Myung
119,Rebel,https://mydramalist.com/20782-rebel-thief-who-stole-the-people,"Action,  Thriller,  Historical,  Romance","Rebellion, Joseon Dynasty, Strong Male Lead, Smart Male Lead, Corruption, Discrimination, Bromance, Superhuman Strength, Revenge, Underdog ","“The culprit who is posing as a royal official is not stealing wealth. He is stealing the hearts and minds of your people, Your Majesty.” There was a divisive figure in the Joseon Dynasty who was a hero to the people but an enemy to the establishment. His name was Hong Gil Dong. King Yeonsangun had royal lineage but was reviled by his people while Hong Gil Dong was born as a slave but succeeded in winning over the hearts of the commoners. The struggle between these two men demonstrate the qualities that a true leader needs. This TV series portrays the life of Hong Gil Dong who survived in a hostile and tyrannical kingdom as he waged a fight against the powerful elites.(Source: MBC)",8.5,5250,30,"['Yoon Kyun Sang', 'Chae Soo Bin', 'Kim Ji Suk', 'Lee Ha Nee', 'Kim Sang Joong', 'Shim Hee Sub']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Kim Jin Man,Hwang Jin Young
120,Arthdal Chronicles Part 1,https://mydramalist.com/28116-aseudal,"Historical,  Romance,  Fantasy,  Political","Power Struggle, Multiple Mains, Hidden Identity, Curse, Orphan Male Lead, Strong Female Lead, War, Slavery, Shamanism, Ambitious Male Lead ","Set in the fictional land of Arthdal during ancient times(bronze age). Eun Seom was born with a fate to bring disaster to Arthdal, which leads him and his mother, who wants to save him, to endure hardships. Finally, they decide to leave and travel together to a better place. Although Eun Seom grows up in the new land, he is seen as an outcast because he is different from the land's natives. Ta Gon is a war hero of Arthdal. He has paved the way for Arthdal to become a prosperous city and nation, and he is the strongest warrior in Arthdal. He dreams of becoming the first king of Arthdal.Tan Ya was born with the same fate as Eun Seom. She is the next great mother of the Wahan Tribe. But she has difficulty mastering the dance of the great mother and hasn't had a single dream since the Eun Seom appeared in their village. Taealha is the daughter of the head of the Hae tribe. She has greater ambitions.(Source: AsianWiki)",8.5,14540,6,"['Song Joong Ki', 'Jang Dong Gun', 'Kim Ji Won', 'Kim Ok Bin', 'Kim Eui Sung', 'Jo Sung Ha']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Netflix,  tvN",Kim Won Suk,"Kim Young Hyun,  Park Sang Yeon"
121,Mystic Pop-Up Bar,https://mydramalist.com/34539-ssang-gap-pocha,"Mystery,  Comedy,  Drama,  Fantasy","Afterlife, Tragic Past, Grudge, Hot-tempered Female Lead, Spirit, Adapted From A Webtoon, Special Power, Flashback To Past, Food, Innocent Male Lead ",“Mystic Pop-Up Bar” tells the story of a mysterious pojangmacha (outdoor drinking establishment) run by a prickly woman and an innocent part-timer who visit customers in their dreams to help resolve their problems.(Source: Soompi)~~ Adapted from the webtoon “Mystic Pop-Up Bar” (쌍갑포차) by Bae Hye Soo (배혜수).,8.5,23334,12,"['Hwang Jung Eum', 'Yook Sung Jae', 'Choi Won Young', 'Jung Da Eun', 'Lee Joon Hyuk', 'Na In Woo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"jTBC,  Netflix",Jun Chang Geun,Ha Yoon Ah
122,The Master's Sun,https://mydramalist.com/6756-the-masters-sun,"Horror,  Comedy,  Romance,  Supernatural","Ghost, Eccentric Female Lead, Ghost-seeing Female Lead, Rich Male Lead, Clingy Female Lead, Successful Male Lead, Tragic Past, Trauma, Secondary Couple, Eccentric Male Lead ","Joo Joong Won is the stingy and greedy CEO of Kingdom, a conglomerate that includes a major department store and hotel. He meets the gloomy Tae Gong Shil, who started seeing ghosts after an accident. Their lives take a new turn as they work together to deal with the terror and sadness brought about by the spirits, while delving into a kidnapping incident in Joong Won's past. And unknowingly, they fell in love with each other.",8.5,44684,17,"['Gong Hyo Jin', 'So Ji Sub', 'Seo In Guk', 'Kim Yoo Ri', 'Choi Jung Woo', 'Kim  Mi Kyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Jin Hyeok,"Hong Jung Eun,  Hong Mi Ran"
123,Queen Seon Duk,https://mydramalist.com/215-queen-seon-duk,"Historical,  Romance,  Drama,  Political","Power Struggle, Royalty, Smart Female Lead, Hwarang, Military, Cross-Dressing, Silla Dynasty, Sword-fight, Strong Female Lead, Child Abandonment ","The story of a beautiful queen, who has to give up her love to save the people. A biopic of Queen Seondeok, who was born a princess and later became the ruler of Silla, leaving behind many brilliant achievements.",8.5,4700,62,"['Lee Yo Won', 'Go Hyun Jung', 'Park Ye Jin', 'Yoo Seung Ho', 'Kim Nam Gil', 'Uhm Tae Woong']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Park Hong Kyun,  Kim Keun Hong","Kim Young Hyun,  Park Sang Yeon"
124,Bad Guys,https://mydramalist.com/9916-bad-guys,"Action,  Thriller,  Psychological,  Crime","Murder, Teamwork, Strong Male Lead, Smart Male Lead, Skilled Killer, Violence, Death, Revenge, Detective Male Lead, Bromance ","To combat rising violent crimes, the Police Chief asks Detective Oh Goo Tak to form a team consisting of criminals. Detective Oh Goo Tak is currently suspended from the police force for using excessive force. Detective Oh Goo Tak gathers team members: Park Woong Cheol who is a gangster, Lee Jung Moon who is the youngest serial killer with extraordinary intelligence and Jung Tae Soo who is a contract killer. Also, Police Inspector Yoo Mi Young joins the team. She tries to have the guys work as a team by dealing with them rationally and sometimes emotionally.",8.5,13820,11,"['Kim Sang Joong', 'Park Hae Jin', 'Jo Dong Hyuk', 'Ma Dong Seok', 'Kang Ye Won', 'Kang Shin Il']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),OCN,"Shin Yong Hwi,  Kim Jung Min",Han Jung Hoon
125,What's Wrong with Secretary Kim,https://mydramalist.com/27885-why-secretary-kim,"Business,  Comedy,  Romance","Boss-Employee Relationship, Rich Male Lead, Adapted From A Webtoon, Steamy Kiss, Male Chases Female First, Calm Female Lead, Smart Female Lead, Trauma, Phobia, Tragic Past ","The series revolves around the narcissistic Lee Young Joon, the vice president of a company run by his family. He is very self-absorbed and thinks highly of himself, so much that he barely acknowledges the people around him. Lee Young Joon has a capable and patient secretary Kim Mi So who has remained by his side and worked diligently for 9 years without any romantic involvement. However, Mi So now wants to set her life & focus on herself so when she decides to resign from her job, hilarious misunderstandings ensue. After 9 years of their strictly-workplace relationship, can it now develop in something more?(Source: AJ at MyDramaList)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Kimbiseoga Wae Geureolgga"" (김 비서가 왜 그럴까) by Jung Kyung Yoon (정경윤).",8.5,91383,16,"['Park Min Young', 'Park Seo Joon', 'Lee Tae Hwan', 'Pyo Ye Jin', 'Kim Hye Ok', 'Kim Byung Ok']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Park Joon Hwa,"Baek Sun Woo,  Choi Bo Rim"
126,Save Me,https://mydramalist.com/22599-save-me,"Action,  Thriller,  Mystery,  Drama","Cult, Adapted From A Webtoon, Strong Female Lead, Bromance, School Bullying, Smart Female Lead, Deception, Strong Male Lead, Fake Religion, Nice Male Lead ","Following the failure of her father's business, Sang Mi and her family move to Muji-gun, where they have no friends or relatives. There she meets four young men, Han Sang Hwan, Seok Dong Cheol, Woo Jung Hoon, and Choi Man Hee. When Sang Mi and her family face some trouble, Spiritual Father Baek Jung Ki of Goosunwon offers to help them. However, her family is slowly getting sucked into the pseudo-religious cult, and the four young men try to save her.(Source: MyDramaList)~~ Adapted from the webtoon “Out of the World” by Jo Geum San.",8.5,23011,16,"['Seo Yea Ji', 'Ok Taec Yeon', 'Woo Do Hwan', 'Jo Sung Ha', 'Jo Jae Yoon', 'Park Ji Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,OCN,Kim Sung Soo,Jung Yi Do
127,W,https://mydramalist.com/16589-w,"Thriller,  Comedy,  Romance,  Fantasy","Gun Violence, Crossworlds Traveler, Steamy Kiss, Rich Male Lead, Lovers Separated, Attempted Murder, Murder, Fight, Revenge, Smart Male Lead ","Oh Sung Moo, the father of cardiothoracic surgeon Oh Yeon Joo, mysteriously goes missing while writing the last chapter of his webtoon ""W"". Yeon Joo goes to his office looking, but a hand from his monitor suddenly pulls her in, and she finds herself on the rooftop of a building, next to a bloodied man. She manages to save the person, only to realize that he is Kang Cheol, the main character of her father's webtoon. Yeon Joo later discovers she can only enter and leave the webtoon depending on Kang Cheol's feelings.(Source: MyDramaList)",8.5,89067,16,"['Han Hyo Joo', 'Lee Jong Suk', 'Kim Eui Sung', 'Lee Tae Hwan', 'Jung Eugene', 'Lee Si Eon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Jeong Dae Yun,Song Jae Jung
128,One Ordinary Day,https://mydramalist.com/685203-that-night,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Law,  Crime","Murder, Investigation, Brief Nudity, Sexual Content, Death, Lawyer Male Lead, Drug Usage, Trial, Violence, Suspense ","A drama that explores the criminal justice system from an extremely popular perspective through the fierce story of two men surrounding the murder of a woman. Hyun Soo, an ordinary college student, suddenly becomes the primary suspect in a murder case. Shin Joong Han is the only lawyer willing to help Kim Hyun Soo. Having just barely passed law school, Shin Joong Han's involvement in Kim Hyun Soo's case eventually takes his unremarkable life to new heights. (Sources: Naver, MyDramaList)~~ Remake of the British TV series ""Criminal Justice"" [2008].",8.5,7133,8,"['Kim Soo Hyun', 'Cha Seung Won', 'Lee Seol', 'Kim Shin Rok', 'Kim Hong Pa', 'Kim Sung Gyu']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),ViuTV,Lee Myung Woo,Kwon Soon Gyu
129,One Dollar Lawyer,https://mydramalist.com/715969-one-thousand-dollar-lawyer,"Comedy,  Law,  Drama","Lawyer Male Lead, Former Prosecutor Male Lead, Prosecutor Supporting Character, Lawyer Supporting Character, Slight Romance, Smart Female Lead, Rich Female Lead, Smart Male Lead, Poor Male Lead, Investigation ","Cheon Ji Hun is a lawyer with unusual flair. His hair has a stylish perm. His retainer is only 1,000 won despite being one of the most skilled lawyers around. He argues against the most expensive lawyers and their rich clients intent on flouting the law. Since graduating from the Judicial Research and Training Institute,  Baek Ma Ri has been the Prosecutor’s Assistant. Confident and self-assured, she is also a lawyer with her grandfather Baek Hyun Mu's renowned Baek Law Firm. Ma Ri’s life has been going smoothly, but her life changes when she meets Cheon Ji Hun.  (Source: Asian Wiki)",8.5,6256,12,"['Namkoong Min', 'Kim Ji Eun', 'Choi Dae Hoon', 'Lee Deok Hwa', 'Park Jin Woo', 'Ha Sung Kwang']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,SBS,Kim Jae Hyun,"Choi Soo Jin,  Choi Chang Hwan"
130,I Hear Your Voice,https://mydramalist.com/6993-i-hear-your-voice,"Mystery,  Law,  Romance,  Supernatural","Special Power, Revenge, Smart Female Lead, Trauma, Strong Female Lead, Older Woman/Younger Man, Male Chases Female First, Mind Reading, Love Triangle, Cohabitation ","Jang Hye Sung, a bold, sassy, thick-faced, comical, and materialistic public defender who becomes a lawyer after overcoming poverty and painful memories from her childhood, comes to a realization about society and justice after meeting Park Soo Ha, a 19-year-old boy who reads other people’s thoughts and Cha Kwan Woo, an innocent lawyer who lives a disciplined life. Jang Hye Sung is actually Soo Ha's first love after she gave a decisive testimony on his father's murder case 10 years ago, and Soo Ha promised to protect her from the killer's threats. Meanwhile, Cha Kwan Woo is Jang Hye Sung's fellow lawyer, a cheerful and idealistic former cop. Even though his character is a bit slow, he is nice and pleasant with a firm idea of his principles and justice. Together they will team up to find justice in the courtroom and solve the toughest cases with less than a 1% chance of winning.(Source: DramaWiki)",8.5,43378,18,"['Lee Jong Suk', 'Lee Bo Young', 'Yoon Sang Hyun', 'Lee Da Hee', 'Jung Woong In', 'Yoon Joo Sang']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Jo Soo Won,Park Hye Ryun
131,Voice,https://mydramalist.com/20378-voice,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Psychological","Strong Female Lead, Murder, Aggressive Male Lead, Special Power, Mad Dog, Death, Investigation, Suspense, Character Development, Hot-Tempered Male Lead ","Popular detective Moo Jin Hyuk who is filled with guilt for his wife’s death, works with professional voice profiler Kang Kwon Joo, whose father is killed, to solve a different crime, chasing for the serial killer responsible for the deaths of their family members.(Source: tvN Asia)",8.5,16330,16,"['Jang Hyuk', 'Lee  Ha Na', 'Baek Chun Ki', 'Ye Sung', 'Son Eun Seo', 'Kim Jae Wook']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,OCN,Kim Hong Seon,Ma Jin Won
132,Kairos,https://mydramalist.com/58337-kairos,"Action,  Thriller,  Drama,  Sci-Fi","Time Altering, Past And Present, Gaslighting, Family Secret, Rich Male Lead, Hardworking Male Lead, Different Timelines, Smart Male Lead, Mother-Daughter Relationship, Missing Person ","Living a precarious life as a part-timer at a convenience store, Ae Ri strives to support her mother who is on a waiting list for a heart transplant. Unfortunately, her mother’s worsened physical condition leads her to forgo the long-awaited opportunity for the transplant, and just like that her mother disappears. Things were already chaotic enough for Ae Ri when she receives a phone call from a strange man claiming to be from the same world but 31 days in the future. Ironically, he desperately asks Ae Ri for help. Seo Jin, a father and a husband of a close-knit family, has been living a successful life as the youngest person to become a director at a construction company. One day, it all crumbles down with the kidnapping of his daughter and his wife’s suicide. On the verge of breaking down, he is given an opportunity to restore everything that was lost under one condition, help from a strange woman. To bring his daughter and wife back to life, he makes a phone call as the clock strikes 10:33.(Source: KOCOWA)",8.5,5759,16,"['Shin Sung Rok', 'Lee Se Young', 'Ahn Bo Hyun', 'Nam Gyu Ri', 'Kang Seung Yoon', 'Jo Dong In']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Park Seung Woo,  Sung Chi Wook",Lee Soo Hyun
133,All of Us Are Dead,https://mydramalist.com/59449-our-school-now,"Action,  Thriller,  Horror,  Sci-Fi","Survival, Zombies, Death, Zombie Apocalypse, Virus, High School, Gore, Adapted From A Webtoon, Slight Romance, Suspense ","A high school becomes ground zero for a zombie virus outbreak. Trapped students must fight their way out — or turn into one of the rabid infected.(Source: Netflix)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""All of Us Are Dead"" (지금 우리 학교는) by Joo Dong Geun (주동근).",8.5,45422,12,"['Park Ji Hu', 'Yoon Chan Young', 'Lomon', 'Cho Yi Hyun', 'Yoo In Soo', 'Kim Byung Chul']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),Netflix,Lee Jae Gyoo,Chun Sung Il
134,Vagabond,https://mydramalist.com/28742-vagabond,"Action,  Thriller,  Mystery,  Crime","Corruption, Death, Revenge, National Intelligence Service, Strong Male Lead, Street Fight, Deception, Blackmail, Teamwork, Power Struggle ","Cha Dal Gun becomes an awakened tiger in the face of his nephew’s death in a mysterious plane crash. As an orphan himself, he had raised his nephew singlehandedly in place of his brother who had passed on. Triggered by the large-scale cover-up of the incident, he sets off on a journey to discover the truth. Go Hae Ri is the eldest daughter of a marine who had died during an operation. She has always wanted to be a normal civil servant to support her family, but life had other plans and she ends up as a National Intelligence Service (NIS) agent. Their lives intertwine as they discover a tangled web of corruption behind the plane crash. (Source: The Swoon)",8.5,35054,16,"['Lee Seung Gi', 'Bae Suzy', 'Shin Sung Rok', 'Moon Jung Hee', 'Baek  Yoon Shik', 'Moon Sung Geun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Netflix,  SBS",Yoo In Shik,"Jang Young Chul,  Jung Kyung Soon"
135,Fight for My Way,https://mydramalist.com/22472-fight-for-my-way,"Business,  Comedy,  Romance,  Sports","Friends To Lovers, Strong Male Lead, Strong Female Lead, Badass Male Lead, Character Development, Secondary Couple, Ex-girlfriend Comes Back, Poor Male Lead, First Love, Hardworking Male Lead ","Can you still go after your dreams without the right background? Ko Dong Man has always dreamed of becoming famous as a taekwondo athlete but now works as a contract employee in a mundane job. His bickering longtime friend, Choi Ae Ra, aspires to become a television anchor but works instead at the information desk of a department store.Their friends, Kim Joo Man and Baek Seol Hee have been dating for six years but face a new threat to their relationship.Can the four friends achieve their individual dreams despite having “third-rate” qualifications?(Source: Viki)",8.5,61092,16,"['Park Seo Joon', 'Kim Ji Won', 'Ahn Jae Hong', 'Song  Ha Yoon', 'Kim Sung Oh', 'Jin Hee Kyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Lee Na Jung,  Kim Dong Hwi",Im Sang Choon
136,"Hi Bye, Mama!",https://mydramalist.com/49809-hello-mom,"Drama,  Family,  Melodrama,  Supernatural","Mother-Daughter Relationship, Nice Female Lead, Death, Reincarnation, Sismance, Ghost, Heartbreak, Remarriage, Father-Daughter Relationship, Nice Stepmother ","It's the story of a mother who died and begins a 49-day long project of reincarnation, and a husband who has barely begun to live a new life after overcoming the pain of losing his wife. Jo Kang Hwa is a skilled thoracic surgeon. After losing his wife four years ago, he had been working as a single father until he got married again two years ago. While he seems like a caring person, he does not offer a hand nor intervene when needed.(Source: Soompi)",8.5,17864,16,"['Kim Tae Hee', 'Lee Kyu Hyung', 'Go Bo Gyeol', 'Seo Woo Jin', 'Shin Dong Mi', 'Oh Eui Shik']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Netflix,  tvN",Yoo Je Won,Kwon Hye Joo
137,Doctor John,https://mydramalist.com/32966-doctor-room,"Mystery,  Romance,  Life,  Medical","Incurable Disease, Eccentric Male Lead, Euthanasia, Hardworking Male Lead, Trauma, Tragic Past, Student-Teacher Relationship, Adapted From A Novel, Hardworking Female Lead, Calm Male Lead ","“Doctor John” is a medical drama about doctors specializing in pain management. In a refreshing take on the genre, “Doctor John” will portray the doctors’ search for the cause of their patients’ mysterious pain as a thrilling chase, almost like a detective hunting down the perpetrator behind an unsolved crime. Cha Yo Han is a genius anesthesiologist, who is also the youngest professor at his medical school. The brilliant doctor goes by the nickname “10 Seconds,” a reference to his ability to diagnose his patients in the 10 seconds that it takes for them to enter an examination room and walk to their seat.Kang Shi Young is a legendary anesthesiologist, who was always at the top of her class throughout medical school. The talented doctor inherited her skills from her cool-headed, rational mother, while she inherited her empathy, listening skills, and warm bedside manner from her father.(Source: Soompi)~~ Adapted from the novel ""On Hand of God"" (神の手) by Kusakabe Yo (久坂部羊).~~ Two versions available: 32 episodes (TV) || 16 episodes (online)",8.5,16320,32,"['Ji Sung', 'Lee Se Young', 'Lee Kyu Hyung', 'Hwang Hee', 'Jung Min Ah', 'Kwon Hwa Woon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Jo Soo Won,Kim Ji Woon
138,See You in My 19th Life,https://mydramalist.com/716735-see-you-in-my-19th-life,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Fantasy","Reincarnation, Past Life, Trauma, Death, Adapted From A Webtoon, Childhood Friends' Relationship, First Love, Flashback To Past, Competent Female Lead, Straightforward Female Lead ","Ban Ji Eum has an extraordinary ability: she can remember the memories of all her past lives. Repeating her reincarnation for nearly a thousand years, Ban Ji Eum has been living all her lives diligently. After her previous life is cut short by a tragic accident, she sets out to reconnect with the people of her past life in her current one, and decides to find a man named Moon Seo Ha, whom she met in her 18th life. Will memories of her 18th life sabotage romance in her 19th? Or will love endure across different lives?On the other side, there is also Yoon Cho Won, a landscape architect and the younger sister of Yoon Joo Won, whose life collapsed after her older sister's death. She is courageous and kind, even after facing the death of her beloved sister, but she struggles to maintain her brightness. When Yoon Cho Won meets Ban Ji Eum by chance and sees her older sister in her, she wonders about Ban Ji Eum’s identity.Then there's Ha Do Yoon, Moon Seo Ha’s secretary and best friend since childhood. Although they come from completely different backgrounds, Ha Do Yoon feels some kind of affinity for him. (Source: Soompi; Webtoon.com)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""See You in My 19th Life"" (이번 생도 잘 부탁해) by Lee Hye (이혜).",8.5,16372,12,"['Shin Hye Sun', 'Ahn Bo Hyun', 'Ha Yoon Kyung', 'Ahn Dong Goo', 'Kim Shi Ah', 'Park So Yi']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Netflix,  TVING,  tvN",Lee Na Jung,"Han Ah Reum,  Choi Young Rim"
139,Dong Yi,https://mydramalist.com/67-dong-yi,"Adventure,  Historical,  Mystery,  Romance","Joseon Dynasty, Investigation, Smart Female Lead, Power Struggle, Strong Female Lead, Harem, Political, Hidden Past, Orphan Female Lead, Female Rivalry ","""Dong Yi"" is a historical drama based on the life of Dong Yi later known as Choi Suk Bin. She worked in the royal palace as a lowly water maid. King Sok Jong then selected Choi as his concubine. Choi would then give birth to Yeong Jo, the second son of King Sok Jong and the future king of Joseon. After the birth of Yeong Jo, Dong Yi would become Suk Bin.(Source: AsianWiki)",8.5,6307,60,"['Han Hyo Joo', 'Ji Jin Hee', 'Lee So Yeon', 'Bae Soo Bin', 'Park Ha Sun', 'Jung Jin Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Kim Sang Hyub,  Lee Byung Hoon",Kim Yi Young
140,Reply 1997,https://mydramalist.com/4689-reply-1997,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life","High School, 1990s, First Love, Friends To Lovers, Bromance, Love Square, Unrequited Love, Love Triangle, Male Chases Female First, Strong Female Lead ","Set in the 1990s, the drama centers around a female high school student Shi Won, who idolizes boyband H.O.T and her 5 high school friends in Busan. As the timeline moves back and forth between their past as 18-year-old high schoolers in 1997 and their present as 33-year-olds at their high school reunion dinner in 2012, where one couple will announce that they're getting married.",8.5,36559,16,"['Jung Eun Ji', 'Seo In Guk', 'Lee Ho Won', 'Shin So Yool', 'Eun Ji Won', 'Lee Si Eon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Shin Won Ho,"Lee Woo Jung,  Kim Ran Joo"
141,Mad for Each Other,https://mydramalist.com/79527-the-crazy-guy-in-the-district,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Trauma, Enemies To Lovers, Anger Management Issues, Healing, Character Development, Unfortunate Male Lead, Dating Violence, Stalking, Cross-Dressing, Dog ","About two people with their own painful stories who go through a complicated process of hurting and healing while falling in love with each other.No Hwi Oh is a detective in the violent crimes division of the Gangnam Police Station. He thinks that he is doing well until his life suddenly takes a turn and he becomes a “crazy” person who can’t hold in his anger about anything.Lee Min Kyung is a woman who is caught up in her own delusions and compulsions. She had lived an ordinary life as a pretty woman with a respectable job until “that incident” that caused everything in her life to break down. As a result, she was unable to trust anyone and is caught in a prison of her own making. Her delusions also have the unfortunate side effect of making everyone else around her angry.(Source: Soompi)",8.5,17386,13,"['Oh Yeon Seo', 'Jung Woo', 'Lee Su Hyun', 'Ahn Woo Yeon', 'Kim Nam Hee', 'Baek Ji Won']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Daum Kakao TV,  Netflix",Lee Tae Gon,Ah Kyung
142,Itaewon Class,https://mydramalist.com/33898-itaewon-class,"Business,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","Revenge, Time Skip, Smart Female Lead, Female Chases Male First, Badass Female Lead, Strong Female Lead, Boss-Employee Relationship, Tragic Past, Nice Male Lead, Adapted From A Webtoon ","Park Saeroyi's life has been turned upside down after he gets expelled from school for punching a bully and his father is killed in an accident. Following his father's steps, he opens a pub named ""DanBam"" in Itaewon and, along with his manager and staff, strives towards success and reaching greater heights.(Source: Wikipedia)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Itaewon Class"" (이태원 클라쓰) by Jo Gwang Jin (조광진).",8.5,66089,16,"['Park Seo Joon', 'Kim Da Mi', 'Kwon Na Ra', 'Yoo Jae Myung', 'Ahn Bo Hyun', 'Kim Dong Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"jTBC,  Netflix","Kang Min Gu,  Kim Seong Yoon",Cho Kwang Jin
143,Squid Game,https://mydramalist.com/40257-round-six,"Action,  Thriller,  Mystery,  Drama","Death, Death Game, Poor Male Lead, Debt, Competition, Survival, Gore, Murder, Game Show, Suspense ","After a failed business venture, the debt-ridden chauffeur Seong Gi Hun lives his life gambling away the money he mooches off his elderly mother while failing to provide for her and his estranged daughter. When his life finally hits rock bottom, he receives an irresistible offer promising him a ₩45.6 billion prize in exchange for winning traditional Korean children's games against 455 other players, among them his childhood friend Cho Sang Woo. Commencing the games, the participants soon learn of the deadly consequences that come with losing.(Source: MyDramaList)",8.5,84608,9,"['Lee Jung Jae', 'Park Hae Soo', 'Jung Ho Yeon', 'Wi Ha Joon', 'Oh Young Soo', 'Anupam Tripathi']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),Netflix,Hwang Dong Hyuk,Unknown
144,Thirty But Seventeen,https://mydramalist.com/28327-thirty-but-seventeen,"Music,  Mystery,  Comedy,  Romance","Cohabitation, Healing, First Love, Coma, Tragic Past, Nice Female Lead, Trauma, Eccentric Male Lead, Dog, Naive Female Lead ","Woo Seo Ri, a violin prodigy at 17 who was about to study in Germany, got into a bus accident and fell into a coma waking up 13 years later. Mentally she is still only 17, while physically she is now 30.Due to a trauma he experienced 13 years before, Gong Woo Jin does not want to have a relationship with others.This series is about a man and a woman whose lives in their own ways essentially stopped when they were 17. Together, they use all their might to try and open the door to the happiness that they once thought had been closed to them.(Source: MyDramaList)",8.5,32431,32,"['Shin Hye Sun', 'Yang Se Jong', 'Ahn Hyo Seop', 'Ye Ji Won', 'Wang Ji Won', 'Yoon Sun Woo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Jo Soo Won,Jo Sung Hee
145,Two Weeks,https://mydramalist.com/7028-two-weeks,"Action,  Thriller,  Mystery,  Drama","Child Female Lead, Prosecutor Female Lead, Detective Male Lead, Single Father Male Lead, Leukemia, Wrongfully Accused, Slight Romance, Strong Male Lead, Conspiracy, Father-Daughter Relationship ","Jang Tae San works at a pawn shop by day and prostitutes himself to older women at night. One day, he's contacted by his ex-girlfriend that he is the father of her daughter with leukemia, and he's the last chance to donate bone marrow and save their daughter's life. That same day, he finds himself framed for murder but manages to escape and runs away. With nobody to trust, Jang Tae San has two weeks to try to prove his innocence and survive until his daughter's surgery.Park Jae Kyung is a prosecutor searching for evidence to take down Moon Il Suk, the man who stabbed her father, and Jo Seo Hee, a beloved senator who is actually working with Moon Il Suk. Together with Detective Im Seung Woo,  she works to uncover the truth behind the murder and its connections to Moon Il Suk and Jo Seo Hee.",8.5,9559,16,"['Lee Joon Gi', 'Kim So Yeon', 'Ryu Soo Young', 'Park Ha Sun', 'Lee Chae Mi', 'Jo  Min Ki']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Song Hyung Suk,  Choi Jung Gyu",So Hyun Kyung
146,"It's Okay, That's Friendship",https://mydramalist.com/692227-it-s-okay-that-s-friendship,"Comedy,  Life","Transfer Student Male Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Idol Male Lead, Multiple Mains, Web Series, Bromance, Friendship ",The 12 members of TREASURE take on acting for the first time ever since debut.,8.5,716,1,"['Choi Hyun Suk', 'Park Ji Hoon', 'Kim Jun Kyu', 'Yoshi', 'Mashiho', 'Yoon Jae Hyuk']",G - All Ages,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
147,Dali and the Cocky Prince,https://mydramalist.com/687131-dali-and-gamjatang,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Smart Female Lead, Bankruptcy, Rich Male Lead, Rich Female Lead, Male Chases Female First, Art, Multilingual, Healthy Mains’ Relationship, Strong Female Lead, Opposites Attract ","As a young boy, Moo Hak grew up in the market as a peddler. Although he is ignorant, he is strong-willed and knows how to make money. He is now the managing director of Dondon F and B, a global restaurant chain that his family started as a small gamjatang diner. However, he isn't dignified and only cares about money. He meets Da Li, the only daughter and child of an upper-class family who runs an art gallery. She has a profound deep knowledge of things. She gets faced with bankruptcy due to her father's sudden death and begins a hard life. Moo Hak and Da Li start a relationship as a creditor and debtor over the art gallery. Will these two polar opposites understand each other and fall in love?(Source: Viki)",8.4,19555,16,"['Park Gyu Young', 'Kim Min Jae', 'Kwon Yool', 'Hwang Hee', 'Yeonwoo', 'Woo Hee Jin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Lee Jung Sub,Son Eun Hye
148,Voice Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/26153-voice-2,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Psychological","Investigation, Strong Female Lead, Leadership, Suspense, Kidnapping, Tragic Past, Teamwork, Smart Female Lead, Murder, Impulsive Male Lead ","Listen closely because skilled voice profiler Kang Kwon Joo is back. Working tirelessly at the Emergency Call Center, she uses her first-rate hearing to save lives and catch culprits. When it comes to responding to emergencies within the vital “golden time,” Kang Kwon Joo is simply the best.Do Kang Woo is a mysterious man who’s able to tap into the mind of a criminal. He also hides a secret pain that he doesn’t share with anyone. When he meets Kang Kwon Joo, they reluctantly form a team. She can hear crime; he can think it. Together, they take on the most dangerous criminals their city has ever seen.(Source: DramaFever)",8.4,7123,12,"['Lee  Ha Na', 'Lee Jin Wook', 'Kwon Yool', 'Ahn Se Ha', 'Son Eun Seo', 'Kim Woo Seok']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,OCN,Lee Seung Young,Ma Jin Won
149,The Princess's Man,https://mydramalist.com/2591-the-princess-man,"Action,  Historical,  Romance,  Political","Forbidden Love, Power Struggle, Strong Male Lead, Joseon Dynasty, Revenge, Family Pressure, Strong Female Lead, Death, Fight For The Throne, Father-Daughter Relationship ","Princess Se Ryung is the headstrong and forward-thinking daughter of  Grand Prince Su Yang, who is determined to be King. She falls in love with the son of his mortal enemy, and their romance gets caught in the crossfire of her father's quest for the throne.",8.4,8491,24,"['Park Shi Hoo', 'Moon Chae Won', 'Kim Yeong Cheol', 'Song Jong Ho', 'Hong Soo Hyun', 'Lee Min Woo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Park Hyun Suk,  Kim Jung Min,  Kim Jung Min",Jo Jung Joo
150,Crash Course in Romance,https://mydramalist.com/723711-one-shot-scandal,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Comedy,  Romance","Cram School, Korean Education System, Teacher Male Lead, High School, Older Woman/Younger Man, Workaholic Male Lead, Mental Illness, Rivalry, Opposites Attract, Smart Male Lead ","After retiring from her career as a national athlete, Nam Haeng Sun now owns a humble side dish store. Her cheerful personality and boundless energy catch the attention of Choi Chi Yeol, a popular and hardworking private instructor known as the ""1 Billion Won Man."" Despite his reputation, Choi Chi Yeol has become increasingly aloof and irritable due to his growing success.As Nam Haeng Sun embarks on a new career in the private education field, she unexpectedly finds herself drawn to Choi Chi Yeol. Though they have very different teaching styles, their shared passion for education brings them closer together. As they work alongside each other, they begin to discover a deeper connection that blossoms into a romance.However, their relationship is not without challenges. As they navigate the ups and downs of their personal and professional lives, they must learn to confront their own shortcomings and trust in each other's strengths. Will their love be enough to overcome the obstacles in their path?(Source: CK Warrior at MyDramaList)",8.4,21710,16,"['Jeon Do Yeon', 'Jung Kyung Ho', 'Lee Bong Ryun', 'Oh Eui Shik', 'Shin Jae Ha', 'Roh Yoon Seo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Netflix,  tvN",Yoo Je Won,Yang Hee Seung
151,Because This Is My First Life,https://mydramalist.com/24678-because-this-is-my-first-life,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","Contract Relationship, Marriage Of Convenience, Eccentric Male Lead, Multiple Couples, Multiple Mains, Cohabitation, Nerdy Male Lead, Calm Male Lead, Sismance, Cat ","A house-poor man and homeless woman become housemates in a drama that examines the institution of marriage and the problems that young people face today.Nam Se Hee is a single man in his late 30’s. He has chosen not to marry. He owns his home, but he owes a lot on his mortgage. Meanwhile, Yoon Ji Ho is a single woman in her early 30’s. She does not own a home and envies those that do. She has given up on dating due to her financial struggles. Yoon Ji Ho begins to live at Nam Se Hee’s house. They become housemates.(Source: KoreanDrama.org)",8.4,55829,16,"['Jung So Min', 'Lee Min Ki', 'Esom', 'Park Byung Eun', 'Kim Ga Eun', 'Kim Min Seok']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,"Park Joon Hwa,  Nam Sung Woo",Yoon Nan Joong
152,Lost,https://mydramalist.com/62093-human-disqualification,"Life,  Drama,  Melodrama","Slow Burn Story, Philosophical, Depression, Father-Daughter Relationship, Friendship, Social Realism, Miscarriage, Older Woman/Younger Man, Hardworking Female Lead, Healing ","At forty years old, Lee Boo Jeong has lost her way. She feels like she has reached the end of her potential and achieved absolutely nothing. Lee Kang Jae is twenty-seven, a man at the end of his youth, and though ""afraid of nothing,"" feels afraid his life will never amount to anything. ""Lost"" tells the story of ordinary people walking towards the light who suddenly realize that 'nothing has happened' in the middle of the downhill road of life. It depicts the most ordinary daily life standing on the edge of darkness rather than light, a life where one cannot easily choose.(Source: JTBC, OSEN)",8.4,2976,16,"['Jeon Do Yeon', 'Ryu Joon Yeol', 'Park Byung Eun', 'Kim Hyo Jin', 'Park Ji Young', 'Park In Hwan']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"iQiyi,  jTBC","Hur Jin Ho,  Park Hong Soo",Kim Ji Hye
153,Doom at Your Service,https://mydramalist.com/61489-destruction,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Fantasy","Terminal Illness, Illness, Brain Cancer, Hardworking Female Lead, Fate, Unlucky Female Lead, First Love, Glioblastoma, Supernatural Power, Eccentric Male Lead ","Tak Dong Kyung has been working hard ever since her parents passed away. Her life seemed more stable after working as a web novel editor for 6 years, but then she gets diagnosed with glioblastoma (brain cancer). She blames her unlucky life and wishes to curse everything to disappear, which unintentionally calls Myeol Mang, Doom himself - neither human nor god - to appear. Myeol Mang says that he can grant Dong Kyung's wishes. As her last hope, she makes a contract with Myeol Mang for a hundred days to live how she wants, risking her everything.(Source: CJ ENM; edited by unninette at MyDramaList)",8.4,41388,16,"['Park Bo Young', 'Seo In Guk', 'Lee Soo Hyuk', 'Kang Tae Oh', 'Shin Do Hyun', 'Dawon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"tvN,  ViuTV",Kwon Young Il,Im Me Ah Ri
154,Recipe for Farewell,https://mydramalist.com/724267-maybe-a-little-spicy-today,"Food,  Life,  Drama","Married Female Lead, Married Male Lead, Translator Male Lead, Teacher Male Lead, Married Life, Caring Male Lead, Brave Female Lead, Family Relationship, Death, Cancer ","Chang Wook is in his 40's. He works as a translator and a humanities instructor. His wife suffers from terminal bowel cancer. She also has difficulties eating, because of digestive problem. She asks Chang Wook to cook for her everyday, even though the only thing he knows how to make is ramen. Chang Wook begins to cook for his wife and she eats little bits of his food, which he cooks with love and care.(Source: AsianWiki)~~ Adapted from the non-fiction novel ""Oneuleun Jom Maewoolji Molla"" (오늘은 좀 매울지도 몰라) by Kang Chang Rae (강창래).~~ Release dates: Oct 6, 2022 (Busan International Film Festival) || Dec 1, 2022",8.4,689,12,"['Han Seok Kyu', 'Kim Seo Hyung', 'Jin Ho Eun', 'Yang Kyung Won', 'Jo Yoo Jung', 'Jeon Yeo Jin']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Unknown,Lee Ho Jae,Unknown
155,Seasons of Blossom,https://mydramalist.com/714577-seasons-of-blossom,"Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Flashback To Past, Past And Present, Coming Of Age, Friendship, Fake Relationship, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Childhood Friends' Relationship, Teenager Female Lead ","A story of love and friendship between five high school students from Seoyeon High School.Lee Ha Min appears like a bright person, but there is also darkness within his mind. Han So Mang is a warm-hearted person, but she is also quite timid. Lee Jae Min is a popular student with a painful past. He is kind to everyone around him. Yoon Bo Mi is a sweet, model student. Choi Jin Young loves playing games. He can seem unfriendly and has a delicate personality.(Source : Asianwiki) ~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Seasons of Blossom"" (청춘 블라썸) by HONGDUCK and NEMONE.",8.4,3389,16,"['Seo Ji Hoon', 'So Ju Yeon', 'Kim Min Kyu', 'Kang Hye Won', 'Yoon Hyun Soo', 'Oh Yu Jin']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Unknown,Wang Hye Ryung,"Kim Na Neui,  Park Yoon Sung"
156,"Work Later, Drink Now",https://mydramalist.com/699553-oh-my-lord,"Comedy,  Life,  Drama","Sismance, Adapted From A Webtoon, Drinking, Friendship, Confident Female Lead, Workplace Abuse, Instructor Female Lead, Screenwriter Female Lead, YouTuber Female Lead, Female Centered Plot ","Ahn So Hee, Han Ji Yeon, and Kang Ji Gu enjoy hanging out after work and drinking together. The three women are single and in their 30s. As for their jobs, So Hee works as a broadcasting writer, Ji Yeon as a yoga instructor, and Ji Gu as a YouTuber. Meanwhile, Kang Buk Gu works as a PD of the TV variety show. He hangs out with these three women.(Source: AsianWiki) ~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Sooldo Girl"" (술꾼도시처녀들) by Mi Kkang (미깡).",8.4,5448,12,"['Lee Sun Bin', 'Han Sun Hwa', 'Jung Eun Ji', 'Choi Si Won', 'Kim Jung Min', 'Yoo Ji Yeon']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),TVING,Kim Jung Shik,Wi So Young
157,Circle,https://mydramalist.com/22671-circle,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Sci-Fi","Future, Bromance, Strong Female Lead, Smart Female Lead, Calm Female Lead, Smart Male Lead, Kidnapping, Character Development, Human Experimentation, Hidden Identity ","Taking place in both the present year 2017 and in the year 2037, when people believe that their future depends on humans controlling and regulating their emotions, this drama is a sci-fi mystery. When alien visitors arrive on Earth, humans learn new skills from them and take advantage of them; what ensues is a story of alliance, resistance, and love. Each episode will contain two shorter stories, the first part set in 2017 and called “Beta Project,” with the second set in 2037 and called “Grand New World.”",8.4,9569,12,"['Yeo Jin Goo', 'Kim Kang Woo', 'Gong Seung Yeon', 'Lee Gi Kwang', 'Ahn Woo Yeon', 'Seo Hyun Chul']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,"Min Jin Gi,  Jung Hyun Nam","Kim Jin Hee,  Yoo Hye Mi,  Ryu Moon Sang,  Park Eun Mi"
158,Angel's Last Mission,https://mydramalist.com/32362-love-of-my-life,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Fantasy","Nice Male Lead, Warm Man/Cold Woman, Orphan Female Lead, Strong Female Lead, Opposites Attract, Ballet, Rich Female Lead, Tearjerker, Male Chases Female First, Cohabitation ","Lee Yeon Seo, is a cynical and arrogant ballerina. She is the prima ballerina, but after an accident she has to give up her dream. After her parents' sudden death, she doesn’t trust anyone since there are a lot of people lurking around her and her inherited money.  Because of her distrust and arrogance, she is unable to love anyone. Kim Dan is an optimistic, carefree angel who is always getting into trouble. In order to return to heaven, he is tasked with a mission to find true love for the talented but emotionally distant ballerina.",8.4,35366,32,"['Kim Myung Soo', 'Shin Hye Sun', 'Lee Dong Gun', 'Kim  Bo Mi', 'Woo Hee Jin', 'Gil Eun Hye']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Lee Jung Sub,Choi Yoon Kyo
159,Yumi's Cells,https://mydramalist.com/60627-yumi-s-cell,"Psychological,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Slice Of Life, Friendship, Adapted From A Webtoon, Mixed Live Action-Animation, Honest Male Lead, Competent Female Lead, Blind Date, Game Developer Male Lead, Successful Female Lead, Character Development ","Controlled by a complex network of cells, each and every human on the planet is kept running by an unseen operating system that is, for the most part, completely ignored. Though humans never give much thought to how they manage to function, day in and day out, the cells within the human body are constantly at work, doing their part to keep their humans alive and well. This is why on the outside, Kim Yoo Mi may appear to be just like every other single working woman in the world, but underneath that ordinary exterior lies something truly extraordinary. Having recently suffered a painful breakup, Yoo Mi’s love cells have fallen into a deep coma. While the surrounding cells work hard to revive their fallen compatriots, Yoo Mi spends her days stuck in the grind of everyday life. With a heart still broken and no romantic prospects, Yoo Mi’s love cells might have been in serious trouble had it not been for the sudden appearance of Goo Woong. An emotionally stunted game developer, Goo Woong has no idea how to express his true feelings, but after meeting Yoo Mi, he finds himself wanting to try. With his own love cells unexpectedly sparking Yoo Mi’s back to life, things between the two start to get interesting.  With both Yoo Mi and Goo Woong’s cells working overtime, the two find themselves drawing ever closer. But will the efforts of this small collection of cells really be enough to bring two hearts together forever?(Source: Viki)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Yumi's Cells"" (유미의 세포들) by Lee Dong Geon (이동건).",8.4,17568,14,"['Kim Go Eun', 'Ahn Bo Hyun', 'Park Ji Hyun', 'Joo Jong Hyuk', 'Lee Yoo Bi', 'Park Jin Young']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,"TVING,  tvN",Lee Sang Yeob,"Song Jae Jung,  Kim Yoon Joo,  Kim Kyung Ran"
160,When the Camellia Blooms,https://mydramalist.com/30911-when-camellia-blooms,"Thriller,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Mother-Son Relationship, Dorky Male Lead, Male Chases Female First, Nice Male Lead, Mystery, Independent Female Lead, Motherhood, Family Relationship, Slice Of Life, Hardworking Female Lead ","Dong Baek is a single mother living in the small town of Ongsan. She runs the bar-restaurant Camellia, while also taking care of her son Pil Gu. The people of Ongsan frequently gossip about Dong Baek. She grew up as an orphan, is a single mother and runs a bar where many of the men in Ongsan frequent. Regardless of what the locals may whisper about Dong Baek, local police officer Hwang Yong Shik is deeply in love with her. Meanwhile, Dong Baek's ex-boyfriend Kang Jong Ryeol suddenly reappears in her life. He is a famous baseball player, that hid their relationship when they dated. While Dong Baek tries to find happiness, something truly sinister lurks in the background. A serial killer roams Ongsan and Dong Baek may be a target.(Source: AsianWiki)~~ Two versions available: 40 episodes (TV) || 20 episodes (online)",8.4,23657,40,"['Gong Hyo Jin', 'Kang Ha Neul', 'Kim Ji Suk', 'Son Dam Bi', 'Oh Jung Se', 'Yeom Hye Ran']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"KBS2,  Netflix","Kang Min Kyung,  Cha Young Hoon",Im Sang Choon
161,Snowdrop,https://mydramalist.com/62575-snowdrop,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama,  Political","1980s, Love At First Sight, Political Intrigue, North And South Korea, Dormitory, Historical Fiction, Conspiracy, University, Multiple Mains, Suspense ","In 1987, a bloody man jumps into a women’s university dormitory in Seoul. Young Ro, a female university student who falls in love with him at first sight on a group blind date, takes care of him despite the strict surveillance and dangerous situation. However, Young Ro is shocked to learn his secret. Despite heartbreakingly watching over his first love Young Ro, Soo Ho has no choice but to move according to the command in order to save his teammates and to go back to his home country where his sibling awaits. Young Ro rejects the will of her father and works hand in hand with Soo Ho to save her beloved man and her friends. What will happen to their fate?(Source: Disney+)~~ Adapted from the handwritten journal of a North Korean defector.",8.4,20273,16,"['Jung Hae In', 'Kim Ji Soo', 'Jang Seung Jo', 'Yoo In Na', 'Yoon Se Ah', 'Kim Hye Yoon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,Jo Hyun Taek,Yoo Hyun Mi
162,If You Wish Upon Me,https://mydramalist.com/705665-tell-me-your-wish,"Romance,  Life,  Drama,  Medical","Healing, Hospice Care, Found Family, Attempted Suicide, Tearjerker, Terminal Illness, Character Development, Life Lesson, Tragic Past, Hardship ","Yoon Kyeo Re is a young man who has known nothing but misery ever since he was a child. He was abused while still a boy and had a horrid time at the orphanage where he was raised. He then spent time in a juvenile detention center. And as an adult, things got no better, leading to him serving time in prison. Beatings and misery are all he knows, and he finds himself at the end of his tether, finally facing the void…But when he is ordered by a court to serve his community service at an end-of-life care facility for the terminally ill, things begin to change for him. Here he meets the tireless Kang Tae Shik, a middle-aged man who leads the volunteer team at the facility. Kang Tae Shik has created a unit called Team Genie, which is dedicated to granting dying patients their last wishes. No matter what people ask for, Team Genie will work their hardest to make those precious last wishes come true. He also meets Seo Yeon Joo, a young nurse who refuses to give up on her patients and tries to keep them physically active at all times. Will working at this facility help turn Yoon Gyeo Ree’s life around? Or is it too late to change his destiny?(Source: Viki)",8.4,7537,16,"['Ji Chang Wook', 'Choi Soo Young', 'Sung Dong Il', 'Won Ji An', 'Yang Hee Kyung', 'Kil Hae Yeon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"KBS2,  ViuTV",Kim Yong Wan,Jo Young Soo
163,Queen In Hyun's Man,https://mydramalist.com/3985-queen-in-hyuns-man,"Historical,  Comedy,  Romance,  Fantasy","Smart Male Lead, Time Travel, Joseon Dynasty, Calm Male Lead, Amnesia, Nice Male Lead, Height Difference, Past And Present, Famous Lead/Common Lead, Strong Male Lead ","Kim Boong Do is a scholar who had supported the reinstatement of Queen In Hyun when Jang Hee Bin's schemes resulted in her being deposed and replaced as King Suk Jong's queen consort. He travels 300 years into the future of modern Seoul and meets Choi Hee Jin, a no-name actress who is expecting a career renaissance through her role as Queen In Hyun in a TV drama.",8.4,21833,16,"['Ji Hyun Woo', 'Yoo In Na', 'Kim Jin Woo', 'Ga Deuk Hee', 'Seo Woo Jin', 'Kim Won Hae']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Kim Byung Soo,Song Jae Jung
164,The World of the Married,https://mydramalist.com/39975-the-married-life,"Thriller,  Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Extramarital Affair, Revenge, Strong Female Lead, Lying, Sexual Content, Successful Female Lead, Friends To Enemies, Pregnancy, Psychological, Suspense ","Everything seems perfect in the life of the successful family doctor and associate director, Ji Sun Woo. She lives happily in Gosan with her handsome husband Lee Tae Oh, whom she financially helped establish an entertainment company, and their teenage son, Joon Young. However, the perfect image of a happy, loving family life shatters when she discovers that her husband is having an affair, and even their mutual friends are helping him conceal it. Devastated by the betrayal, she sets on a path of seeking revenge and recollecting her broken self.(Source: MyDramaList)~~ Remake of the British TV series ""Doctor Foster"" [2015].",8.4,16172,16,"['Kim Hee Ae', 'Park Hae Joon', 'Han So Hee', 'Park Sun Young', 'Kim Young Min', 'Chae Gook Hee']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),jTBC,Mo Wan Il,Joo Hyun
165,Extracurricular,https://mydramalist.com/34221-human-lessons,"Psychological,  Crime,  Youth,  Drama","Prostitution, Illegal Business, High School, Greed, Sex Trafficking, Smart Male Lead, Rich Female Lead, Violence, Strong Female Lead, School Bullying ","""Extracurricular” is centered around four high school students who start committing crimes to earn money and the unpredictable dangers they face as a result. Ji Soo, who goes from a model student to a criminal after committing an unthinkable act. Jung Da Bin as school bully Min Hee, who gets caught up in Ji Soo’s crime. Park Joo Hyun will portray Ji Soo’s dangerous partner in crime Gyu Ri, while Nam Yoon Soo will appear as Min Hee’s boyfriend and the school’s most popular guy Ki Tae.(Source: Soompi)",8.4,34290,10,"['Kim Dong Hee', 'Park Ju Hyun', 'Jung Da Bin', 'Nam Yoon Su', 'Choi Min Soo', 'Park Hyuk Kwon']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),Netflix,Kim Jin Min,Jin Han Sae
166,Moon Embracing the Sun,https://mydramalist.com/3079-the-moon-that-embraces-the-sun,"Historical,  Romance,  Supernatural,  Political","Lovers Separated, Amnesia, Power Struggle, Hidden Identity, Joseon Dynasty, First Love, Black Magic, Time Skip, Male Chases Female First, Brother-Sister Relationship ","Thirteen-year-old Heo Yeon Woo, the daughter of a high-ranking official, accompanies her mother to the royal palace to attend her brother, Heo Yeom's civil service examination congratulatory ceremony. By chance, she comes across Crown Prince Lee Hwon. They fall in love and Yeon Woo is chosen as the Crown Princess of Joseon.Before they can marry, however, the Dowager Queen secretly orders her death, in order to install Yoon Bo Gyeong, the daughter of a family clan, as Crown Princess, thus securing more power for herself. She orders the head shaman to cast a spell on Yeon Woo to strike her with an unknown sickness. After dying, Yeon Woo is resurrected from her grave but loses her memories. All believe her to be dead, including Crown Prince Lee Hwon, who refuses to love another.Eight years later, Yeon Woo returns as a shaman named Wol (meaning moon). Meanwhile, the young king begins to investigate the death of his love after seeing the grown-up Wol. But he is fighting against time because the queen's powerful political clan wants him removed from power.~~ Adapted from the novel by Jung Eun Gwol.",8.4,25059,20,"['Han Ga In', 'Kim Soo Hyun', 'Jung Il Woo', 'Kim Min Seo', 'Kim Yoo Jung', 'Yeo Jin Goo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Lee Sung Joon,  Kim Do Hoon",Jin Soo Wan
167,Pachinko,https://mydramalist.com/724661-pachinko,"Historical,  Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Co-produced, Discrimination, Immigrant, Adapted From A Novel, Abuse Of Power, Racism, Japanese Colonial Rule, 1980s, Forbidden Love, Miniseries ","This sweeping saga chronicles the hopes and dreams of a Korean immigrant family across four generations as they leave their homeland in an indomitable quest to survive and thrive.  (Source: AppleTV)~~ Adapted from the novel ""Pachinko"" by Min Jin Lee (이민진).",8.4,5066,8,"['Kim Min Ha', 'Youn Yuh Jung', 'Jin Ha', 'Lee Min Ho', 'Yu Na', 'Park So Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Unknown,Soo Hugh
168,Love All Play,https://mydramalist.com/694427-the-speed-going-to-you-493km,"Romance,  Drama,  Sports,  Melodrama","Badminton, Athlete Male Lead, Childhood Acquaintance, Teamwork, Friends To Lovers, Competition, Height Difference, Athlete Female Lead, Youth, Nice Male Lead ","A sports romance drama that depicts the passion and affection for badminton of a male and female protagonist who is a mixed doubles group with players from the badminton business team.Park Tae Joon, who naturally wound up in the world of badminton because of his parents’ badminton equipment business. Although he had begun to see the sport as work, his passion for badminton is reignited due to a desire to impress a woman.Park Tae Yang is a former aspiring Olympian who had to leave the badminton world for three years due to a bribing scandal.(Source: Wikipedia; Naver)",8.4,10457,16,"['Park Ju Hyun', 'Chae Jong Hyeop', 'Park Ji Hyun', 'Kim Moo Joon', 'Seo Ji Hye', 'Jo Han Chul']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Jo Woong,Heo Sung Hye
169,Be Melodramatic,https://mydramalist.com/26488-the-nature-of-a-melo,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Melodrama","Multiple Mains, Sismance, Strong Female Lead, Multiple Couples, Independent Female Lead, Eccentric Female Lead, Badass Female Lead, Entertainment Industry, Smart Female Lead, Boss-Employee Relationship ","Im Jin Joo, Lee Eun Jung, and Hwang Han Joo are best friends who are  30-years-old.Hwang Han Joo is the head of a marketing team for a drama production company. She is a single mother who struggles to balance her work and personal life as she is raising a kid.Im Jin Joo is a drama writer with a lot of emotional ups and downs. Her personality is unique, talking to a luxurious purse at times. Even though she is a drama writer, she tries to write her scripts in a literary style. Lee Eun Jung is a documentary director. She runs her own  production company, although she's the only employee. One of her documentaries  surprisingly becomes popular overnight.(Source: MyDramaList)",8.4,10983,16,"['Chun Woo Hee', 'Jeon Yeo Been', 'Han Ji Eun', 'Ahn Jae Hong', 'Gong Myung', 'Lee Joo Bin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"jTBC,  Viki",Kim Hye Young,Kim Young Young
170,My Unfamiliar Family,https://mydramalist.com/55011-we-don-t-know-much-but-we-are-a-family,"Life,  Drama","Family Crisis, Amnesia, Misunderstanding, Multiple Mains, Mother-Son Relationship, Father-Daughter Relationship, Mother-Daughter Relationship, Father-Son Relationship, Friends To Lovers, Publishing House Setting ","Is blood thicker than water? Kim Eun Hee, is about to find out. She is the middle child in a family that is slowly starting to drift apart.Her older sister is a former patent attorney, and her younger brother is a sensitive soul. And although her father is hard-working, he is often distant – an attitude that has her mother poised to begin a new chapter in her life. While she pines for intimacy, Kim Eun Hee keeps her feelings hidden from her family. Instead, she prefers to confide in her close male college friend Park Chan Hyuk – a man who has become more like a brother to her than any of her real siblings. And it is to him that she turns for love advice as she looks to return to the dating scene after a long absence.But what happens when events take a turn? Could the family pull together in time to weather the storm? And when the going gets tough, will it be Kim Eun Hee’s family or her friends who step up to the plate?(Source: Viki)",8.4,3284,16,"['Han Ye Ri', 'Kim Ji Suk', 'Choo Ja Hyun', 'Jung Jin Young', 'Won Mi Kyung', 'Shin Jae Ha']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Kwon Young Il,Kim Eun Jung
171,Memorist,https://mydramalist.com/49999-memorist,"Action,  Thriller,  Mystery,  Supernatural","Adapted From A Webtoon, Smart Female Lead, Eccentric Male Lead, Supernatural Power, Calm Female Lead, Investigation, Cult, Aggressive Male Lead, Violence, Murder ","Dong Baek has an extraordinary ability. He can peer into the memories of whoever he touches. With his supernatural power, get-it-done attitude, and eye-pleasing looks, he is fervently revered worldwide as a superstar detective. However, when his punches meet with suspects before words, he can be a bit of a headache to his comrades. Starting from the age of twenty, Han Sun Mi is the youngest to have passed the bar exam, obtain a doctorate in criminal psychology, and become a senior superintendent in the police force. Having solved five cold cases that even a detective with supernatural powers couldn't do, she is a genius profiler. She has a secret that drives her to do what she does. These two highly-skilled professionals meet their match—a serial killer with abilities that transcend theirs combined. It's going to be a fight worth watching.(Source: Viu)~~ Adapted from the webtoon by Jae Hoo.",8.4,13767,16,"['Yoo Seung Ho', 'Lee Se Young', 'Jo Sung Ha', 'Ko Chang Seok', 'Yun Ji On', 'Jeon Hyo Sung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,"So Jae Hyun,  Kim Hwi","Ahn Do Ha,  Hwang Ha Na"
172,Train,https://mydramalist.com/52351-train,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Sci-Fi","Parallel Dimension, Suspense, Murder, Death, Tough Female Lead, Slight Romance, Strong Male Lead, Crossworlds Traveler, First Love, Orphan Female Lead ","Haunted by the thought that his drunkard father killed another man before also dying on the same day and not paying for his crime, Seo Do Won lives his life trying to secretly repay Han Seo Kyung for his father’s sin while hiding the truth. He is now a detective who overworks to escape his guilt, and she is a prosecutor who is still looking for her father’s killer.One day, Do Won stumbles upon corpses buried in an abandoned, old train station. Classifying it as a serial murder case, Do Won and the police start investigating. However, the case becomes weird when a dead victim turns up alive and Seo Kyung is killed along with the discovery of a new corpse. Realizing that the mysterious train that shows up in the abandoned station is a portal between parallel universes, Do Won travels to the other world to track the serial killer with the help of the other Seo Kyung.(Source: MyDramaList)",8.4,7551,12,"['Yoon Shi Yoon', 'Kyung Soo Jin', 'Shin So Yool', 'Lee Hang Na', 'Nam Moon Chul', 'Jo Wan Ki']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,OCN,Lee Seung Hoon,Park Ga Yun
173,I'm Not a Robot,https://mydramalist.com/24351-im-not-a-robot,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Sci-Fi","Haphephobia, Rich Male Lead, Deception, Robot, Eccentric Male Lead, Hardworking Female Lead, Forgiveness, Lying, Double Identity, Healing ","Kim Min Kyu is the largest shareholder of a financial company. He suffers from a ""human allergy"", preventing him from normal interactions with other people. He becomes interested in a robotic project named Aji-3 created by the Santa Maria robotic team. The team is headed by Hong Baek Gyun, inventor of Aji-3 and world-renowned robotics professor. He modeled Aji-3 after his ex-girlfriend, Jo Ji Ah, a struggling inventor that also works as a personal shopper to make ends meet. Just when Kim Min Kyu wants to test the robot, an accident causes the malfunction of the robot's battery. Hong Baek Gyun begs Jo Ji Ah to take the place of Aji-3 and pretend to be the robot so they can get funding from Kim Min Kyu. But, Aji-3 becomes the closest thing that the lonely Min Kyu has to real contact with another person.(Source: MyDramaList)",8.4,60422,32,"['Yoo Seung Ho', 'Chae Soo Bin', 'Uhm Ki Joon', 'Park Se Wan', 'Song Jae Ryong', 'Go Geon Han']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Jeong Dae Yun,Kim Sun Mi
174,Hello Monster,https://mydramalist.com/13476-hello-monster,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Psychological,  Drama","Smart Male Lead, Investigation, Hidden Identity, Female Chases Male First, Eccentric Male Lead, Slight Romance, Bromance, Calm Male Lead, Hardworking Female Lead, Cold Man/Warm Woman ","Genius profiler Lee Hyun, returns home to Korea after something from a case he’s been sent triggers a memory he thought he’d lost forever. Unbeknownst to him, one of his team members, Detective Cha Ji An, has been investigating him for some time. She is aware that his father was murdered and his brother disappeared under mysterious circumstances involving a criminal named Lee Joon Young -- whom they both want found and incarcerated. Each seeks to unravel the other, unaware that they’ve been drawn into a dangerous game of cat and mouse by a master player and that both truth and evil are closer and far more twisted than they think.(Source: Wikipedia)",8.4,24859,16,"['Seo In Guk', 'Jang Na Ra', 'Park Bo Gum', 'Choi Won Young', 'Lee Chun Hee', 'Min Sung Wook']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Kim Jin Won,  No Sang Hoon",Kwon Ki Young
175,The Crowned Clown,https://mydramalist.com/30468-masquerade,"Historical,  Romance,  Melodrama,  Political","Double Identity, Joseon Dynasty, Noble Woman/Common Man, Identity Swap, Power Struggle, Nice Male Lead, Doppelganger, Revenge, Rebellion, Poor Male Lead ","Joseon is in a state of disorder due to uprisings and a power struggle surrounding King Lee Hun. To avoid assassination, a clown named Ha Sun is brought to the palace to take the place of King Lee Hun. Ha Sun looks almost identical to King Lee Hun.When Ha Sun was a child, his parents died during an epidemic. Ha Sun almost died from starvation around that time, but he was saved by a group of clowns. Ha Sun grew up with the clowns and became one of them. During their performance, Ha Sun would play King Lee Hun due to their similar physical appearance. Now, Ha Sun is nervous that someone in the palace will find out he is not the real king. He falls for beautiful Queen Yoo So Woon.(Source: AsianWiki, HanCinema)~~ Remake of ""Masquerade"" (2012), which in turn is inspired by ""The Prince and the Pauper"" by Mark Twain.",8.4,9950,16,"['Yeo Jin Goo', 'Lee Se Young', 'Kim Sang Kyung', 'Jang Gwang', 'Yoon Jong Seok', 'Yoon Gyung Ho']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Kim Hee Won,"Shin Ha Eun,  Kim Sung Deok"
176,"From Now On, Showtime!",https://mydramalist.com/699445-showtime-from-now-on,"Mystery,  Comedy,  Romance,  Fantasy","Supernatural, Ghost, Investigation, Police Officer Female Lead, Ghost-seeing Male Lead, Slow Burn Romance, Special Power, Ghost Supporting Character, Enemies To Lovers, Character Development ","Cha Cha Woong is a popular if somewhat sardonic stage and TV magician with a taste for the spectacular. His tricks dazzle audiences, but little do most people know – he has a gang of secret helpers! However, these are no ordinary magician’s assistants: They are actually ghosts. But Cha Cha Woong is not afraid of beings from the spirit realm – in fact, he treats them as his employees...and they, in turn, believe him to be their “boss.”One day, his path crosses with that of Go Seul Hae, a young, passionate police officer. He attempts to brush her off when she investigates an incident connected to one of his magic shows. But she soon realizes that the magician’s unusual abilities could be the perfect crime-fighting tool. She manages to convince him to join the police force in its efforts to catch fiendish criminals – and use his ghostly retinue to help foil evil masterminds! But in the course of their unorthodox partnership, could romance also make an appearance on the scene?(Source: Viki)",8.4,8220,16,"['Park Hae Jin', 'Jin Ki Joo', 'Jung Joon Ho', 'Go Gyu Pil', 'Jung Suk Yong', 'Park Seo Yeon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"MBC,  ViuTV","Lee Hyung Min,  Jung Sang Hee",Ha Yoon Ah
177,Duel,https://mydramalist.com/22597-duel,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Sci-Fi","Amnesia, Human Experimentation, Kidnapping, Tragic Past, Father-Daughter Relationship, Bromance, Investigation, Suspense, Revenge, Murder ","Jang Deuk Cheon, a hardened detective cop whose daughter is kidnapped, begins a chase against great odds to solve the mystery of his situation and find his child before it is too late. He starts to hunt down the suspect using the one clue he has: Two men with the same face were at the crime scene.(Source: HanCinema, Naver)",8.4,4618,16,"['Jung Jae Young', 'Kim Jung Eun', 'Yang Se Jong', 'Seo Eun Soo', 'Kim Ki Doo', 'Yoon Gyung Ho']",Not Yet Rated,OCN,Lee Jong Jae,Kim Yoon Joo
178,The Mysterious Class,https://mydramalist.com/714095-high-school-ghost-story,"Mystery,  Horror,  Youth,  Supernatural","Ghost, Investigation, High School, Suspense, Student Supporting Character, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Miniseries, Web Series, Friendship ","""There are 21 students in our class.""  ""What are you talking about... Your class had 20 students right from the start..!!""Peaceful class 4 of the 3rd grade of Treasure High. Friendship and a mystery thriller while doubting each other. Will they be able to find the ghost?(Source: BambooNetwork.co.kr)",8.4,2496,8,"['Choi Hyun Suk', 'Park Ji Hoon', 'Yoshi', 'Kim Jun Kyu', 'Mashiho', 'Yoon Jae Hyuk']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Ha Han Me,Unknown
179,Pinocchio,https://mydramalist.com/11074-pinocchio,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Comedy,  Romance","Tragic Past, Hidden Identity, Double Identity, Journalism, Adopted Siblings Love, Cohabitation, Revenge, Wrongfully Accused, Bromance, News Media ","The idealistic Choi In Ha has her work cut out for her when she becomes a broadcast reporter, especially when she suffers from a condition known as “Pinocchio syndrome,” which makes her break out into hiccups whenever she tells a lie. Her rookie colleagues include Choi Dal Po, whose shabby appearance masks his true eloquence and sharp memory; Seo Bum Jo, a wealthy heir who has had everything handed to him in life; and Yoon Yoo Rae, whose fangirl knowledge comes in handy in covering the news. The 20-something newbie reporters pursue justice as they try to discover themselves in the process.(Source: SBS World YouTube)",8.4,63452,20,"['Lee Jong Suk', 'Park Shin Hye', 'Kim Young Kwang', 'Lee Yoo Bi', 'Jin Kyung', 'Lee Pil Mo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Jo Soo Won,Park Hye Ryun
180,Birthcare Center,https://mydramalist.com/58367-postnatal-care-center,"Comedy,  Life,  Drama,  Melodrama","Motherhood, Childbirth, Strong Female Lead, Older Woman/Younger Man, Sismance, Black Comedy, Hardworking Female Lead, Independent Female Lead, Multiple Mains, Pregnancy ","Oh Hyun Jin  has had a glittering career in her work life. She is the youngest member on the board of executives at the company she works at and is used to acing everything she does. But when she delivers her first child, she is in for a shock. Giving birth was far more difficult than she had expected, and she quickly discovers that although she is a dab hand at all things work-related, she hasn’t got the first clue about how to bring up a baby. After being discharged from hospital, she heads to a birth care center – an exclusive establishment where even A-list stars come to get postpartum care. She is dismayed to realize that she is the oldest mother in the center, and embarrassed to notice that everyone else seems to know what they are doing when it comes to looking after babiesFortunately, the other mothers at the center prove inspirational. Among their number is Cho Eun Jung, aka the Queen Bee – a seemingly perfect mother whom everyone wants to befriend in order to learn childcare secrets. And Choi Hye Sook is the charismatic center manager – a veritable font of knowledge about all things childcare-related.(Source: Viki)",8.4,3749,8,"['Uhm Ji Won', 'Park Ha Sun', 'Choi Ri', 'Jang Hye Jin', 'Yoon Park', 'Im Hwa Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Park Soo Won,Kim Ji Soo
181,My Country,https://mydramalist.com/31328-my-country,"Action,  Historical,  Romance,  Drama","Friendship, Multiple Mains, Bromance, Joseon Dynasty, Strong Male Lead, Power Struggle, War, Smart Female Lead, First Love, Evil Parental Figure ","Set during the end of the Goryeo period to the early Joseon period. Two friends aim their swords against one another due to differences in opinion about ""my country.""Seo Hwi is a warrior. His father Seo Geom is a famous commander. Seo Hwi does not compromise when it comes to injustice. His life devolves into a hellish existence, but he still holds a smile.Nam Sun Ho is smart and a talented figure. Because his mother was born into the lowest class, Nam Sun Ho is looked down upon by other people. He wants to pass the military service examination. Due to a corruption scandal involving his father, Nam Sun Ho loses his dream. Making things worse, he comes into conflict with Seo Hwi over a misunderstanding.(Source: AsianWiki)",8.4,8068,16,"['Yang Se Jong', 'Woo Do Hwan', 'Kim Seol Hyun', 'Jang Hyuk', 'Kim Yeong Cheol', 'Ahn Nae Sang']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"jTBC,  Netflix",Kim Jin Won,Chae Seung Dae
182,Extraordinary You,https://mydramalist.com/33768-july-found-by-chance,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth,  Fantasy","Sassy Female Lead, Nice Male Lead, Adapted From A Webtoon, High School, Illness, Height Difference, Love Triangle, Character Development, Strong Female Lead, Amnesia ","What would you do if you found out that you were, in fact, a character in a comic? And an extra character on top of that? Change the course of the story, obviously!Eun Dan Oh is a 17-year-old high-school student from a wealthy family who suffers from a lifelong heart condition that inevitably means she will not live past her teenage years. However, when Dan Oh realizes she is experiencing long gaps in her memory as well, she comes into the unhappy realization of another fact in her life: she is a character in a Korean webtoon and all of her actions are predetermined by the artist who draws her. To make matters worse, she discovers she is only a supporting character in the cast. With her newfound understanding of the world she inhabits, she is determined to find true love in her own plot-line and circumvent the author’s plans for her character by utilizing the flashes of storyboard she alone is able to see.(Source: onehallyu)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""July Found by Chance” (어쩌다 발견한 7월) by Moo Ryoo (무류).~~ Two versions available: 32 episodes (TV) || 16 episodes (online)",8.4,50954,32,"['Kim Hye Yoon', 'Rowoon', 'Lee Jae Wook', 'Lee Na Eun', 'Kim Young Dae', 'Jung Gun Joo']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,MBC,"Kim Sang Hyub,  Kim Sang Woo","In Ji Hye,  Song Ha Young"
183,King the Land,https://mydramalist.com/726273-king-the-lander,"Comedy,  Romance","Hotel Setting, Rich Male Lead, Steamy Kiss, Male Chases Female First, Workplace Setting, Best Friends' Relationship, Hardworking Female Lead, Opposites Attract, Secondary Couple, Bright Female Lead ","Heir Goo Won cannot stand fake smiles. When he meets Cheon Sa Rang, her sincere smile is at the ready. The pair seek to create happy moments where they can smile brightly at each other. King of the Land is a VVIP business lounge, a paradise catering to wealthy hoteliers. It is owned by The King Group, with hotels, distribution companies, and an airline in its portfolio. Now Goo Won has been thrown into an inheritance tug-of-war.  With his brilliant mind, innate grace, and captivating charm, he has everything but lacks common sense when dating.Cheon Sa Rang makes the world brighter with just her smile. She is thrilled to land a job at the King Hotel, where she had some of her happiest times as a child. She must now put those sweet memories away and mature quickly to face the frequent workplace prejudices and misunderstandings that come her way. (Source: Soompi)",8.4,21517,16,"['Lee Jun Ho', 'Im Yoon Ah', 'Go Won Hee', 'Kim Ga Eun', 'Ahn Se Ha', 'Kim Jae Won']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"jTBC,  Netflix,  TVING","Im Hyun Wook,  Choi Sun Min",Choi Rom
184,Mad Dog,https://mydramalist.com/24187-mad-dog,"Action,  Thriller,  Mystery","Revenge, Tragic Past, Enemy Mine, Corruption, Strong Female Lead, Teamwork, Fraud, Investigation, Bromance, Rich Male Lead ","Choi Kang Woo, who is a former police and leader of Taeyang Insurance's investigators team, decides to create his own investigation team, after an airplane crash that took the life of his wife and son. He then meets Kim Min Joon, a genius former swindler whose brother was also a victim of the crash, thus begin their rivalry and cooperation.The drama portrays the reality of Korea through diverse insurance crimes that are prevalent in the country. There are the 'copy cats' that imitate and improve the existing crimes, and the 'mad dogs' who catch these bad cats.(Source: Wikipedia, KBS World)",8.4,12071,16,"['Yoo Ji Tae', 'Woo Do Hwan', 'Ryu Hwa Young', 'Jo Jae Yoon', 'Kim Hye Sung', 'Hong Soo Hyun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Hwang Eui Kyung,Kim Soo Jin
185,Amanza,https://mydramalist.com/51177-amanza,"Adventure,  Life,  Fantasy,  Melodrama","Cancer, Dream World, Mixed Live Action-Animation, Tearjerker, Terminal Illness, Adapted From A Webtoon, Web Series, Short Length Series, Supportive Girlfriend, Mental Illness ","A 26-year-old man’s life is turned upside down when he is diagnosed with terminal stomach cancer. As he struggles with the pain of his treatment and the realization that he never truly lived, he retreats into his imagination, to a magical forest where answers and miracles can be found.(Source: izone)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Big See"" by Kim Bo Tong.",8.4,958,10,"['Kim Ji Soo', 'Lee Seol', 'Oh Hyun Kyung', 'Yoo Seung Mok', 'Lee Jong Won', 'Shin Joo Hwan']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Daum Kakao TV,Han Ji Won,Kwak Jae Min
186,Military Prosecutor Doberman,https://mydramalist.com/707113-military-prosecutor-doberman,"Action,  Military,  Mystery,  Law","Military Abuse, Investigation, Dog, Death Of A Mother, Prosecutor Female Lead, Prosecutor Male Lead, Death Of A Father, Money-Hungry Male Lead, Successful Male Lead, Evil Parental Figure ","Do Bae Man became military prosecutor only to make more money and be successful. On the other hand, Cha Woo In, recently joining Bae Man’s team, became one for her revenge. As these two different purposes shows, the two have very different backgrounds and personalities. However, as they work on the same case, Bae Man and Woo In help each other and even grow together as fine military prosecutors.(Source: CJ ENM)",8.4,7945,16,"['Ahn Bo Hyun', 'Jo Bo Ah', 'Oh Yeon Soo', 'Kim Young Min', 'Kim Woo Seok', 'Kang Mal Geum']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Jin Chang Gyu,Yoon Hyun Ho
187,Sell Your Haunted House,https://mydramalist.com/71995-daebak-real-estate,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Comedy,  Fantasy","Ghost, Supernatural, Exorcism, Strong Female Lead, Smart Female Lead, Cold Female Lead, Suspense, Crime, Secret, Death ","Ji Ah, a woman who has inherited exorcism abilities from her mother, is the owner of Daebak Realty, a company that specializes in selling haunted houses. Ji Ah looks perfect and is also brilliant, but her hot temper makes her fists fly before her words. One day, Ji Ah encounters a conman named In Beom who specializes in exorcism fraud. Late at night when Daebak Realty operates, In Beom visits Ji Ah to make an offer. He suggests that they team up to exclusively sell houses that are haunted by vengeful spirits and lingering ghosts. Can the two get along well and deal with house prices, ghosts, and their sorrowful stories?(Source: Viki)",8.4,11119,16,"['Jang Na Ra', 'Jung Yong Hwa', 'Kang Hong Suk', 'Kang Mal Geum', 'Baek Eun Hye', 'Ahn Kil Kang']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Park Jin Suk,"Ha Soo Jin,  Jung Yeon Seo,  Lee Young Hwa"
188,Secret,https://mydramalist.com/7761-secret,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Revenge, Nice Female Lead, Rich Male Lead, Love Square, Naive Female Lead, Slow Burn Romance, Wrongfully Accused, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Pregnancy, Hit And Run ","A man who does not believe in love, falls for a woman who has been hurt by it. Min Hyuk is wealthy, with everything but a good personality, He’s been enraged and consumed by the need for revenge, ever since he learnt his lover was the victim  of a hit-and-run accident. Yoo Jung takes the blame for her boyfriend, the actual driver at the time of the accident. In time, she will feel betrayed for having done so. Now in prison and in a state of despair, Jung still refuses to give up on life entirely.",8.4,17272,16,"['Ji Sung', 'Hwang Jung Eum', 'Bae Soo Bin', 'Lee Da Hee', 'Lee Deok Hwa', 'Jo Mi Ryung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Baek Sang Hoon,  Lee Eung Bok","Choi Ho Chul,  Yoo Bo Ra"
189,Age of Youth Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/22516-age-of-youth-2,"Mystery,  Comedy,  Romance,  Life","Multiple Mains, Sismance, Trauma, Multiple Couples, Friendship, Taller Woman/Shorter Man, Investigation, Strong Female Lead, Character Development, Youth ","Five girls in their 20s share a house called Belle Époque. A year has passed since “Hello, My Twenties 1.” Each of them got a job, went back to school, is still trying to get a boyfriend, or is getting over her first breakup. One day, a new student arrives at the house with a letter she stumbled upon. The letter is filled with curses against one of the girls at Belle Époque.(Source: JTBC)",8.4,18888,14,"['Han Ye Ri', 'Han Seung Yeon', 'Park Eun Bin', 'Ji Woo', 'Choi A Ra', 'Kim Min Seok']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,"Lee Tae Gon,  Kim Sang Ho",Park Yeon Sun
190,Soundtrack #1,https://mydramalist.com/713865-why-did-you-come-to-my-house,"Music,  Romance","Miniseries, Friends To Lovers, Unrequited Love, Long Time Friends, Friendship, Cohabitation, Slow Burn Romance, Flashback To Past, Best Friends' Relationship, Songwriter Female Lead ","Two people have been friends for two decades, but a mere two weeks of living together blurs that fine line between love and friendship.Han Sun Woo is a handsome rookie photographer with a warm personality, while Lee Eun Soo is a lively, straightforward, and honest person who openly expresses her feelings. Three years ago, she seized a chance opportunity to become a lyricist. Nowadays details of their relatable romance are subtly interwoven into her musical compositions. (Source: Naver || edited by: lo_ve and Lee C at My Drama List)",8.4,17736,4,"['Park Hyung Sik', 'Han So Hee', 'Kim Joo Heon', 'Yoon Byung Hee', 'Park Min Jung', 'Park Hoon']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Disney+,Kim Hee Won,Ahn Sae Bom
191,Gaus Electronics,https://mydramalist.com/713645-gaus-electronics,"Business,  Comedy,  Romance,  Life","Office Setting, Adapted From A Webtoon, Hot-tempered Female Lead, Weak Male Lead, Former Athlete Female Lead, Workplace Setting, Workplace Politics, Office Worker Female Lead, Office Worker Male Lead, Heir Male Lead ","Stress is no stranger to the members of Marketing Team 3 of the home appliance department at the Gaus Electronics HQ. The firm is a busy, multinational company, but this is a team that most workers dream of getting out of – and where chaos is no stranger! Some 10 employees make up the team. These include Lee Sang Sik, a man with a positive personality who often misjudges his coworkers’ moods, causing trouble as a result! There is also Cha Na Rae, the hot-tempered assistant manager! Also among their number is Baek Ma Tan, the heir of the owners of Gaus Electronics’ fiercest rival – Power Group. He was born with a silver spoon in his mouth, and has never known hardship. But he shocked his entire family when he decided to join Gaus as a junior employee! His polar opposite is Geon Gang Mi, who comes from more modest origins and has always tried to pull herself up by her bootstraps – pushing herself to succeed at every step (although she does have a tendency to change when she drinks alcohol!). While they seem to have very little in common at first, they slowly begin to form a bond, with possible sparks of romance in the air! Will any of the marketing team succeed in escaping? Or will they eventually find a way to quell the workplace chaos?(Source: Viki)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Gaus Jeonja"" (가우스전자) by Kwak Baek Soo (곽백수).",8.4,7795,12,"['Kwak Dong Yeon', 'Go Sung Hee', 'Bae Hyun Sung', 'Kang  Min Ah', 'Baek Hyun Jin', 'Heo Jung Do']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"ENA,  Genie TV",Park Joon Soo,Unknown
192,Her Private Life,https://mydramalist.com/32293-her-private-life,"Business,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Boss-Employee Relationship, Independent Female Lead, Eccentric Female Lead, Orphan Male Lead, Smart Male Lead, Calm Male Lead, Sismance, Fan Culture, Steamy Kiss, Strong Female Lead ","A dedicated professional, Sung Deok Mi lives for her work as an art gallery curator. Devoting herself to her work, she is exceptional in every way, save one. Beneath that cool, professional facade, Deok Mi carries a dark secret. A secret she desperately wants to keep from the world. A secret that has driven lovers away. A secret that rules every moment of her personal life...Sung Deok Mi is the ultimate Cha Shi An fangirl. The devoted manager of a Shi An fansite, Deok Mi eats, breathes, and sleeps for Shi An. He is her sun, her moon. Her entire universe revolves around him. This is the secret Deok Mi must hide from the world. And hide it she does. At least until Ryan Gold, the art gallery’s new director, saunters into her life. A once famous painter, the former artist turned director considers himself an indifferent being, unconcerned with the lives of others. But when he uncovers Deok Mi’s secret, everything changes.(Source: Viki)~~ Adapted from the web novel “Noona Fan Dot Com” (누나팬닷컴) by Kim Sung Yeon (김성연).",8.4,55979,16,"['Park Min Young', 'Kim Jae Wook', 'Ahn Bo Hyun', 'One', 'Kim Bo Ra', 'Park Jin Joo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Hong Jong Chan,Kim Hye Young
193,Celebrity,https://mydramalist.com/708775-celebrity,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Drama","Social Media, Slight Romance, Lying, Influencer Female Lead, Famous Female Lead, Secret, Nonlinear Narrative, Revenge, Rich Male Lead, Influencer Supporting Character ",Fame. Money. Power. One young woman fights to become the next hottest celebrity in the glamorous yet scandalous world of influencers in Seoul.(Source: Netflix),8.4,12971,12,"['Park Gyu Young', 'Kang Min Hyuk', 'Lee Chung Ah', 'Lee Dong Gun', 'Jeon Hyo Sung', 'Han Jae In']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),Netflix,Kim Chul Gyu,Kim Yi Young
194,Sh**ting Stars,https://mydramalist.com/698379-shooting-star,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Entertainment Industry, Famous Male Lead, Multiple Mains, Enemies To Lovers, Love/Hate Relationship, Actor Male Lead, Multiple Couples, PR Specialist Female Lead, Actor/Actress Supporting Character, Reporter Female Lead ","As one of the nation’s most beloved stars, Gong Tae Sung is used to living his life in the spotlight. With the eyes of the world constantly on him, Tae Sung does his best to keep a smile on his face and his temper in check. Seen by the people as a kind and polite young man, the only people who don’t buy into his whole good guy persona are those working for his management company.As the head of that company’s PR team, Oh Han Byeol knows exactly what Tae Sung is really like. Well aware of his strong desire to win and his hot temper, Han Byeol has had to employ her excellent speech and crisis management skills on a number of occasions, in order to keep Tae Sung’s reputation as spotless as it seems. Constantly bickering, there isn’t anyone in the world better suited to the role of natural enemies than Han Byeol and Tae Sung. Forever at odds with each other, Tae Sung and Han Byeol seem destined to hate each other forever. But could the time they’re forced to spend together change those feelings or will their mutual loathing last for all eternity?(Source: Viki)",8.4,28385,16,"['Lee Sung Kyung', 'Kim Young Dae', 'Yoon Jong Hoon', 'Kim Yoon Hye', 'Park So Jin', 'Lee Jung Shin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Lee Soo Hyun,"Choi Young Woo,  Choi Yeon Seo"
195,Partners for Justice,https://mydramalist.com/28412-investigation-couple,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Law,  Medical","Forensic Medical Examiner Male Lead, Prosecutor Female Lead, Forensic Science, Lieutenant Supporting Character, Serial Killer Supporting Character, Criminal Supporting Character, Age Gap [Drama Life], Age Gap [Real Life], Warm Female Lead, Flashback To Past ","Baek Beom has worked as a forensic doctor for 10 years. He is excellent at his work but does not open his mind to other people. Eun Sol is a rookie prosecutor with a  bright personality, and she comes from a wealthy family. The forensic scientist with a bad personality and a warm-hearted prosecutor must join forces in order to catch a serial killer.(Source: MyDramaList)",8.4,5921,32,"['Jung Jae Young', 'Jung Yoo Mi', 'Lee Yi Kyung', 'Park Eun Seok', 'Stephanie Lee', 'Joo Jin Mo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Noh Do Cheol,"Min Ji Eun,  Won Young Shil"
196,Tale of the Nine-Tailed,https://mydramalist.com/52995-the-story-of-gumiho,"Thriller,  Horror,  Romance,  Fantasy","Nine-tailed Fox, Reincarnation, Supernatural, Sibling Rivalry, Fated Love, Bromance, Interspecies Romance, Mythical Being, Hardworking Female Lead, Smart Female Lead ","The mythical nine-tailed fox, or gumiho, Lee Yeon had to settle in the city many centuries ago. Able to transform into human form, he eradicates supernatural beings that threaten the mortal world. His real aim is to find the reincarnation of his lost first love.The talented television producer Nam Ji Ah works on a show that features urban myths. In the past, her parents were involved in a mysterious car accident and disappeared, and she suspects that Lee Yeon might be connected with this accident.The half-brother to Lee Yeon is the captivating Lee Rang. Despite being half-human himself, he harbors a deep-seated contempt for all people. For sport, he will unleash his seductive prowess upon his human-du-jour by promising to grant them their wishes, only to trick them into paying a hefty price for their earthly desires.(Source: Lee Cox at MyDramaList)",8.4,39684,16,"['Lee Dong Wook', 'Jo Bo Ah', 'Kim Bum', 'Kim Yong Ji', 'Hwang Hee', 'Kim Jung Nan']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,"Kang Shin Hyo,  Jo Nam Hyung",Han Woo Ri
197,Search,https://mydramalist.com/32007-www,"Business,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Successful Female Lead, Smart Female Lead, Strong Female Lead, Independent Female Lead, Sismance, Social Media, Older Woman/Younger Man, Teamwork, Competition, Smart Male Lead ","This drama is about the conflicts, the wins, and losses one experiences when working. It will follow the story of 21st century women, who chose not to be a wife or a mother and successfully work without discrimination or impediments.Bae Ta Mi works as a director for a big web portal company. She is in her late 30's and is quite competitive. With her competitiveness, Ta Mi enjoys success. The methods she uses to win has her wondering if she is doing the right thing with her life. Has she sacrificed too much of her personal life for success?Park Mo Gun is a man in his 20's and is a gifted composer. He creates music for video games. Mo Gun meets Ta Mi at an arcade. He falls in love with her due to her competitive spirit.(Source:  Koreandrama.org and AsianWiki)",8.3,23812,16,"['Im Soo Jung', 'Lee Da Hee', 'Jeon Hye Jin', 'Jang Ki Yong', 'Lee Jae Wook', 'Ji Seung Hyun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,"Jung Ji Hyun,  Kwon Young Il",Kwon Do Eun
198,My Roommate Is a Gumiho,https://mydramalist.com/62151-frightening-cohabitation,"Comedy,  Romance,  Fantasy","Nine-tailed Fox, Cohabitation, Smart Male Lead, Supernatural, Independent Female Lead, Interspecies Romance, Adapted From A Webtoon, Friendship, Multiple Mains, Calm Male Lead ","Shin Woo Yeo is a handsome and smart writer, who is actually a 999-year-old nine-tailed fox. To become a human, he collects human energy in a bead.One day, the drunk friend of Lee Dam, a university student, falls asleep on top of an expensive car whose owner is Woo Yeo. While Lee Dam struggles to take her friend away and Woo Yeo trying to help her, Woo Yeo's bead accidentally falls out of his mouth, and Lee Dam unintentionally swallows it. The bead can exist inside of a human for no more than 1 year and, afterward, the bead will break inside of that person causing the person to die. Not wanting to lose his chance in becoming a human, Woo Yeo explains to Lee Dam their predicament and suggests living together until they figure out a solution. Lee Dam, who has never had a boyfriend in her life, now lives with Shin Woo Yeo.(Source: AsianWiki)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""My Roommate Is a Gumiho"" (간 떨어지는 동거) by Na (나).",8.3,36187,16,"['Jang Ki Yong', 'Lee Hye Ri', 'Kang Han Na', 'Kim Do Wan', 'Bae In Hyuk', 'Park Kyung Hye']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"iQiyi,  tvN",Nam Sung Woo,"Baek Sun Woo,  Choi Bo Rim"
199,Doctor Prisoner,https://mydramalist.com/31283-doctor-prisoner,"Thriller,  Law,  Crime,  Medical","Revenge, Smart Male Lead, Corruption, Power Struggle, Scheme, Lying, Smart Female Lead, Strong Female Lead, Deception, Character Development ","Doctor Prisoner centers around an ace doctor in a university hospital’s emergency care center, a skilled professional who treats his patients with full devotion and without discrimination. However, his medical license gets suspended as a result of a medical malpractice incident that arises when the hospital board director causes a ruckus. He then gets his certificate as a medical internist and applies to work at a prison, where his plan is to cozy up to all the bigshots there—business tycoons, celebrities caught for doing drugs, sports stars guilty of gambling—and to win allies, with the ultimate goal of getting revenge against the hospital that ousted him. To do so, he’ll get rid of the existing prison chief doctor and claim the spot for himself.(Source: DramaBeans)",8.3,7689,32,"['Namkoong Min', 'Kwon Na Ra', 'Kim Byung Chul', 'Choi Won Young', 'Lee Da In', 'Jin Hee Kyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Song Min Yeop,  Hwang In Hyuk",Park Kye Ok
200,The Good Detective,https://mydramalist.com/51853-silence,"Action,  Thriller,  Mystery,  Drama","Wrongfully Accused, Corruption, Investigation, Smart Male Lead, Bromance, Corrupt Legal System, Murder, Crime, Detective Male Lead, Suspense ","When doubts arise about a five-year-old murder conviction, a veteran detective partners with a young hotshot to hunt down the case's hidden truths.Kang Do Chang is an 18-year veteran detective who, one day, arrests an alleged murderer named Lee Dae Chul. The court later sentences him to death, but when reviewing the file of his case, Do Chang discovers evidence that would clear Dae Chul.With time running out as the mounting evidence threatens to expose the error, Do Chang is caught between seeking power and seeking justice when he meets Oh Ji Hyuk, an elite detective from the police force. These opposites partners begin working together.(Source: Wikipedia, JTBC, Netflix)",8.3,6451,16,"['Son Hyun Joo', 'Jang Seung Jo', 'Lee Elijah', 'Oh Jung Se', 'Ji Seung Hyun', 'Son Jong Hak']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,Jo Nam Gook,Choi Jin Won
201,Lie After Lie,https://mydramalist.com/54715-lie-of-a-lie,"Thriller,  Romance,  Melodrama","Nice Male Lead, Father-Daughter Relationship, Wrongfully Accused, Revenge, Domestic Abuse, Hidden Identity, Domestic Violence, Evil Mother-in-Law, Hateful Mother-in-Law, Mother-Daughter Relationship ","Ji Eun Su is a woman who appears to have it all. Married into a super-rich family, she assumes that the rest of her life will be an easy ride.But when her husband is murdered, she is sent to prison – with a court finding her guilty of killing her spouse.However, this will be no straightforward jail sentence: She is pregnant, and gives birth to a baby girl while still behind bars.The child is taken away from her and given to foster parents, with her adoptive father Kang Ji Min, a kind-hearted, justice-loving journalist.When Kang Ji Min finds himself alone and taking sole care of the young girl, Ji Eun Su – now free from prison – concocts a plan that she believes will reunite her with her daughter.She will find a way to win Kang Ji Min’s heart – and become her own daughter’s stepmother.But the truth has a way of coming out…and if it does, how will her new family react?(Source: Viki)",8.3,3966,16,"['Lee Yoo Ri', 'Yeon Jung Hoon', 'Lee Il Hwa', 'Im Ju Eun', 'Go Na Hee', 'Kwon Hwa Woon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Channel A,Kim Jung Kwon,Kim Ji Eun
202,Call It Love,https://mydramalist.com/726339-tell-me-it-s-love,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Loneliness, Slow Burn Romance, Healing, Lonely Male Lead, Trauma, Slow Burn Story, Depression, Selfish Mother, Family Relationship, Love/Hate Relationship ","Life's difficulties can take a toll on anyone, and this romantic melodrama portrays the story of a man and woman who are deeply affected. Through their growing empathy and understanding for each other, they embark on a transformative journey filled with new emotions.Sim Woo Joo's life takes a turn for the worse after her father's death, when she's forced out of her home by his mistress. Seeking revenge, she approaches Han Dong Jin, the son of her father's ex-lover. As she spends more time with him, she realizes that she's fallen in love. Han Dong Jin, a workaholic with a lonely life, finds his world turned upside down by Sim Woo Joo's arrival.(Source: CK Warrior at MyDramaList)",8.3,7004,16,"['Kim Young Kwang', 'Lee Sung Kyung', 'Sung Joon', 'Ahn Hee Yeon', 'Kim Ye Won', 'Yeon Je Hyung']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,"Disney+,  Hulu",Kim Ji Yeon,Kim Ga Eun
203,The Legend of the Blue Sea,https://mydramalist.com/18816-the-legend-of-the-blue-sea,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Fantasy","Naive Female Lead, Interspecies Romance, Evil Stepmother, Cohabitation, First Love, Greed, Eccentric Female Lead, Hidden Identity, Fated Love, Mother-Son Relationship ","How can a mermaid from the Joseon era survive in modern society?Shim Chung is a mermaid who follows her one true love, a nobleman’s son named Kim Ryung from the Joseon Dynasty, to modern-day Seoul. Ryung’s modern doppelgänger is Heo Joon Jae, a highly skilled scam artist who first becomes interested in Shim Chung because of a jade bracelet worth $6 million that Shim Chung wears.With nowhere to go, Shim Chung is taken in by Joon Jae, who also finds his con partners, Jo Nam Doo and Tae Oh, hiding out in his home from a vengeful past victim of their scams. Shim Chung discovers a rival for Joon Jae’s heart in Cha Shi Ah, a researcher at KAIST who deals with ancient artifacts.When a dangerous killer named Ma Dae Yeong, sent by Joon Jae’s stepmother who wants to make her own son the heir to Joon Jae’s fortunes, can Shim Chung survive her strange new environment while also helping Joon Jae avoid the dangers that await him?(Source: Viki)~~ Inspired by the Joseon legend from Korea's first collection of unofficial historical tales contained in a short story anthology ""Eou Yadam"" (어우야담) by Joseon-era scholar Yoo Mong In (유몽인).",8.3,59083,20,"['Lee Min Ho', 'Jun Ji Hyun', 'Park Ji Il', 'Lee Hee Joon', 'Shin  Won Ho', 'Shin Hye Sun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Jin Hyeok,Park Ji Eun
204,Jumong,https://mydramalist.com/661-jumong,"Adventure,  Historical,  Romance,  Drama","Leadership, Strong Female Lead, Power Struggle, Goguryeo Dynasty, War, Jumong, Father-Son Relationship, Archery, Royalty, Han Dynasty ","Jumong was the founder of Goguryeo in 37 BC. He was the son of General Hae Mo Su and Lady Yoo Hwa and was raised by King Geum Wa, who took him and his mother in when Hae Mo Su was believed to have been killed in an ambush by the Han Dynasty. So Seo No was a merchant's daughter who helped Jumong in realizing his dream of building a new country and later became his second wife.(Source: DramaWiki)",8.3,3219,81,"['Song Il Gook', 'Han Hye Jin', 'Kim Seung Soo', 'Jeon Kwang Ryul', 'Oh Yeon Soo', 'Song Ji Hyo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Lee Joo Hwan,  Kim Keun Hong","Choi Wan Kyu,  Jung Hyung Soo"
205,The Forbidden Marriage,https://mydramalist.com/716549-golden-spirit-joseon-marriage-prohibition,"Historical,  Mystery,  Comedy,  Romance","Joseon Dynasty, Historical Fiction, Deception, Love Triangle, Swindler Female Lead, King Male Lead, Fraud, Hidden Identity, Kidnapping, Flashback To Past ","Lee Heon is the king of Joseon. 7 years ago, when he was a crown prince, his beloved wife died. To this day, he has not been able to get over her death. For the past 7 years, the royal family and government members have tried to get King Lee Heon remarried without success. The nation has also implemented a geumhonryung edict, which is a ban on all single women marrying during this time when the king has not married. People are furious over the marriage ban. One day, King Lee Heon hears of a woman named Ye So Rang, who claims the spirit of the king's late wife exists within the royal palace.Meanwhile, Ye So Rang is a swindler and claims to interpret marital harmony signs. She is arrested and jailed where Officer Lee Shin Won works. To get out of her predicament, she pretends to be possessed by a spirit in front of Lee Shin Won. During her ruse, she mentions that the spirit of King Lee Heon's late wife exists within the royal palace. She is then brought in front of the king and he asks her if she can really see his late wife's spirit. To survive, Ye So Rang acts like her body is possessed by the king's late wife. Ye So Rang's lies get bigger and more audacious.(Source: AsianWiki)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Geumhonryeong: Joseon Honin Geumjiryeong"" (금혼령-조선혼인금지령) by Chun Ji Hye (천지혜).",8.3,7829,12,"['Kim Young Dae', 'Park Ju Hyun', 'Kim Woo Seok', 'Yang Dong Geun', 'Park Sun Young', 'Choi Deok Moon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Jung Hoon,  Park Sang Woo",Cheon Ji Hye
206,Divorce Attorney Shin,https://mydramalist.com/720931-sacred-divorce,"Law,  Drama","Adapted From A Webtoon, Best Friends' Relationship, Lawyer Male Lead, Dysfunctional Family, Going Through A Divorce, Failed Marriage, Flashback To Past, Friendship, Law Firm Setting, Pianist Male Lead ","Meet Shin Sung Han, a divorce lawyer with a talent for settling even the most complicated cases. His name, which amusingly means ""sacred"" in Korean, seems at odds with the messy situations he has to deal with on a daily basis. But Shin Sung Han finds solace in the company of his two closest friends, Jang Hyung Geun and Jo Jung Sik, who are fellow ""40-year-old youths."" Despite the challenges he faces with his clients, Shin Sung Han continues to excel in his field with his expertise and sensitivity.(Source: Soompi; edited by CK Warrior at MyDramaList)~~ Adapted from the webtoon “Sacred Divorce” (신성한 이혼).",8.3,3662,12,"['Cho Seung Woo', 'Han Hye Jin', 'Kim Sung Kyun', 'Jung Moon Sung', 'Kang Mal Geum', 'Jeon Bae Soo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"jTBC,  Netflix,  TVING",Lee Jae Hoon,Yoo Young Ah
207,Summer Strike,https://mydramalist.com/703721-i-don-t-want-to-do-anything,"Romance,  Life,  Drama,  Melodrama","Countryside Setting, Harassment, Kind Female Lead, Death, Self-discovery, Librarian Male Lead, Kind Male Lead, Rural Life, Introverted Male Lead, Childhood Trauma ","Lee Yeo Reum is a young woman whose career and life are going very well: She has just been awarded permanent contract status at work, and she has a boyfriend she likes very much. But work is starting to get stressful, and then she is hit with a double whammy of misfortune. Her mother dies in a tragic accident just moments after she is dumped by her boyfriend. Feeling utterly dejected and burned out, she decides to quit her job, head to the seaside, and do absolutely nothing for a while – at least until she can recharge her batteries and recover mentally.She moves to a small seaside village named Angok. And it is here that she meets An Dae Beom, a librarian who also has his share of skeletons in the closet. Many years ago, he was a math prodigy with a bright academic future ahead of him. But circumstances have forced him away from the big city and the scholastic life. What will happen when these two lost souls meet – and will a spell of “doing nothing” in this small town really cure their ills?(Source: Viki)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""I Don't Feel Like Doing Anything"" (아무것도 하고 싶지 않아) by Joo Young Hyun (주영현).",8.3,11345,12,"['Kim Seol Hyun', 'Yim Si Wan', 'Shin Eun Soo', 'a.mond', 'Park Ye Young', 'Kwak Min Gyoo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"ENA,  Genie TV",Lee Yoon Jung,Unknown
208,Yumi's Cells Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/698645-yumi-s-cell-2,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life","Workplace Setting, Office Worker Female Lead, Office Worker Male Lead, Illustrator Supporting Character, Workplace Romance, Sweet Male Lead, Mixed Live Action-Animation, Adapted From A Webtoon ","After suffering a painful breakup, Yu Mi’s love cells have shut down completely, but a chance meeting with the emotionally stunted game designer, Goo Woong, changes all of that. Waking up a number of each other’s cells, Yu Mi and Goo Woong find themselves drawing closer, but even with the revival of their long-dormant love cells, their relationship wasn’t destined to last. Now a much wiser and more mature individual, Yu Mi finds herself willing to take on a set of challenges after an unexpected source of inspiration ignites her internal fire. Inspired by her co-worker, Bobby Yoo, Yu Mi and her hard-working cells set out to make all of her dreams come true. (Source: Viki)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Yumi's Cells"" (유미의 세포들) by Lee Dong Geon (이동건).",8.3,9349,14,"['Kim Go Eun', 'Park Jin Young', 'Ahn Bo Hyun', 'Lee Yoo Bi', 'Mi Ram', 'Kwon Seung Woo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,TVING,Lee Sang Yeob,"Song Jae Jung,  Kim Yoon Joo,  Kim Kyung Ran"
209,Come and Hug Me,https://mydramalist.com/27310-come-here-and-give-me-a-hug,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Romance,  Melodrama","Evil Parental Figure, Trauma, Nice Male Lead, Healing, First Love, Violence, Strong Female Lead, Successful Female Lead, Calm Male Lead, Murder ","This is the story of a tragic love that spans 12 years. When they were children, Yoon Na Moo and Gil Nak Won were each others first love. They are forced to break apart when Na Moo's father Yoon Hee Jae, a psychopath serial killer, murders Nak Won's parents.9 years later Yoon Na Moo is known as Chae Do Jin, a passionate and kind rookie detective wishing to atone for his father's sins. And Gil Nak Won is now Han Jae Yi, an aspiring actress following in the footsteps of her mother. She suffers from a panic disorder but still has a good outlook on life. However, the sadness of their past comes to light again and their short-lived encounter is over before it began.Another three years on, Jae Yi has become a popular actress and Do Jin is now an experienced detective. When their fate becomes connected once more, will their love prove to be stronger than their past?(Source: AJ at MyDramaList)",8.3,18551,32,"['Jang Ki Yong', 'Jin Ki Joo', 'Heo Joon Ho', 'Yoon Jong Hoon', 'Kim Kyung Nam', 'Seo Jung Yeon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Choi Joon Bae,Lee Ah Ram
210,Nine,https://mydramalist.com/6081-nine-nine-times-time-travel,"Mystery,  Romance,  Supernatural","Time Travel, 1990s, Bromance, Female Chases Male First, Announcer Male Lead, Reporter Female Lead, Magical Object, Arrogant Male Lead, Brain Tumor, Hidden Past ","Park Sun Woo works as an anchorman at a TV broadcasting station. He is in love with news reporters Joo Min Young, who is bright and honest. Park Sun Woo then obtains 9 incense items, which allows him to go back 20 years in time. Sun Woo travels to the past in an attempt to keep his family safe in order to change the world he lives in today. However, this is not without consequences for his actions in the past affects the lives of many in the present, including his crush.(Source: Asianwiki, Wikipedia)",8.3,5630,20,"['Lee Jin Wook', 'Lee Seung Joon', 'Jo Yoon Hee', 'Oh Min Suk', 'Lee Yi Kyung', 'Jo Min Ah']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Kim Byung Soo,"Song Jae Jung,  Kim Yoon Joo"
211,The Veil,https://mydramalist.com/680385-black-sun,"Action,  Thriller,  Mystery,  Crime","Badass Male Lead, Smart Male Lead, National Intelligence Service, Strong Male Lead, Espionage, Investigation, Suspense, Drama, Antihero Male Lead, Agent Male Lead ","A Korean-style spy investigation show with a story about a top National Intelligence Service (NIS) agent. In his endeavor to uncover the internal traitor that brought him to his downfall, he confronts a much bigger enemy behind the organization. Han Ji Hyuk is the top field agent in the NIS. He is held in awe by his colleagues for his perfect record and skill at completing missions. He had been driving an organized crime syndicate into a corner when he vanished off the face of the earth, but he returns in the most horrific state and doesn't remember anything that happened within the last year. With his memory lost, Ji Hyuk gets assigned to a team with minor tasks. While on the team, he meets Je Yi, who is delicate and heartwarming but with a painful past.Seo Soo Yeon is the head of team 4 of the Crime Information Center who is excellent at performing her duties and solving cases. She has great affection for people, and she especially cares for her teammates.(Source: Soompi, Viki, MBC Global Media)",8.3,5922,12,"['Namkoong Min', 'Park Ha Sun', 'Kim Ji Eun', 'Jang Young Nam', 'Kim Jong Tae', 'Kim Do Hyun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Kim Sung Yong,Park Seok Ho
212,Player,https://mydramalist.com/28659-pan,"Action,  Thriller,  Mystery,  Comedy","Strong Female Lead, Corruption, Hidden Identity, Conspiracy, Double Identity, Fight, Gang, Unusual Friendship, Badass Male Lead, Hardworking Male Lead ","A police redemption team consisting of a swindler, a fighter, an elite hacker, and a talented driver is asked to take back property hidden away by criminals. The driver, Cha Ah Ryung, grew up on the streets after being abandoned by her parents.(Source: MyDramaList)",8.3,6286,14,"['Song Seung Heon', 'Krystal Jung', 'Lee Si Eon', 'Tae Won Seok', 'Kim Won Hae', 'Ahn Se Ho']",Not Yet Rated,OCN,Go Jae Hyun,Shin Jae Hyung
213,Ugly Alert,https://mydramalist.com/6827-ugly-alert,"Business,  Romance,  Melodrama","Rich Woman/Poor Man, Nice Male Lead, Strong Female Lead, Female Chases Male First, Bromance, Unexpected Pregnancy, Steamy Kiss, Multiple Couples, Poor Male Lead, Ex-Convict Male Lead ","The story of a man named Gong Joon Soo who sacrificed himself by pretending to be a murderer to protect his younger stepbrother from being accused instead. While serving time in prison, he learns to sew and acquires a trade. Following his release, he starts working in a fashion company that is a part of BY Group. There he meets the workaholic Na Do Hee, the heiress of her grandfather’s company. Na Do Hee falls in love with Gong Joon Soo as both of them get to understand each other and cure their wounds.(Source: ErolKDrama at MyDramaList)",8.3,2147,133,"['Im Joo Hwan', 'Kang So Ra', 'Kang  Byul', 'Choi  Tae Joon', 'Kim Seol Hyun', 'Shin So Yool']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Shin Yoon Sub,  Min Yeon Hong",Jung Ji Woo
214,Hit the Spot,https://mydramalist.com/736293-their-report-card,"Romance,  Drama,  Mature","Sex Education, Life Lesson, Extreme Sexual Content, Friendship, Social Commentary, Best Friends' Relationship, Female Centered Plot, Prolonged Nudity, Podcast, Friends With Benefits ","A warm, friendly, considerate person, Hee Jae is surrounded by people who claim to know and love her. The problem for Hee Jae is that she isn’t really sure if she really understands herself. On the other hand, Mi Na is Hee Jae's confident and energetic best friend and colleague at Play Books, a supplier of books and related products centered around sex and romance. While an expert in how to achieve physical pleasure, her understanding falls short on romantic relationships. When they find themselves told to take over hosting a sex and romance advice podcast, the two feel more than a little lost.Having never experienced an orgasm or explored her own sexuality beyond routine, lifeless intercourse with her boyfriend of five years, Hee Jae isn’t the most qualified person to be hosting a sex advice podcast. Trapped in a loveless routine of emotionally detached, no strings attached casual sex, Mi Na is hardly one to ask for advice on committed romantic relationships. With no one else able to take over the program, though, they really don’t have a choice. Suddenly thrust into a world she doesn’t understand, Hee Jae finds herself opening up to new ideas and starts to explore her own body and seek out new experiences. Fed up with cycling through men who only satisfy her body and nothing more, Mi Na, too, desperately wants things to change.Pooling their lifetime of experiences and newfound knowledge, Mi Na and Hee Jae decide to make a major life change by opening a sex counseling service together. Working to help others find personal satisfaction, will these friends find the satisfaction they both so crave?(Source: Viki, MyDramaList)",8.3,4541,8,"['Ahn Hee Yeon', 'Bae Woo Hee', 'Park Sun Ho', 'Choi Kwang Rok', 'Choi Woong', 'Hong Seok Cheon']",R - Restricted Screening (nudity & violence),Unknown,Yoon Ra Young,Unknown
215,Good Doctor,https://mydramalist.com/7184-good-doctor,"Romance,  Life,  Drama,  Medical","Autism, Eccentric Male Lead, Ableism, Child Abuse, Slow Burn Romance, Doctor Female Lead, Doctor Male Lead, Autistic Male Lead, Savant Syndrome, Neurodevelopmental Disorder ","Although Park Shi On is an autistic savant who lacked mental maturity and empathy, he graduated from medical school with distinction. His medical skills are exceptional, but he struggles to deal with his superiors and his patients due to his lack of interpersonal skills. As he struggles to adapt, some of his fellow doctors befriend him, supporting him during the most trying times. His dedication and exceptional skills should make him a great pediatrician, but can he overcome the systemic bias and discrimination or will he quit out of frustration?(Source: MyDramaList)",8.3,19319,20,"['Joo Won', 'Moon Chae Won', 'Joo Sang Wook', 'Kim Min Seo', 'Ha Kyu Won', 'Kim Hyun Soo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Kim Jin Woo,  Ki Min Soo",Park Jae Bum
216,Voice Season 3,https://mydramalist.com/30874-voice-3,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Psychological,  Crime","Strong Female Lead, Leadership, Tough Male Lead, Investigation, Calm Female Lead, Teamwork, Impulsive Male Lead, Smart Female Lead, Smart Male Lead, Human Trafficking ",Emergency 112 call center members deal with an international evil cartel. The group is involved in the internet's dark web.(Source: AsianWiki),8.3,4423,16,"['Lee  Ha Na', 'Lee Jin Wook', 'Son Eun Seo', 'Kim Woo Seok', 'Kim Joong Ki', 'Song Boo Geon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,OCN,Nam Ki Hoon,Ma Jin Won
217,He Is Psychometric,https://mydramalist.com/31342-psychometric-fellow,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Romance,  Supernatural","Psychometry, Special Power, Tragic Past, Nice Male Lead, Smart Female Lead, Bromance, Strong Female Lead, Slow Romance, Sassy Female Lead, Death ","After losing his parents in a fire, Lee Ahn acquires the power of psychometry, the ability to read a person or an object's past through physical contact, and he decides to use it to take bad people down. While he does not know how to control his power yet, he meets Yoon Jae In who tries her best to hide her painful secrets. Together with his foster guardian, prosecutor Kang Seong Mo, and the latter's colleague, investigator Eun Ji Soo, they team up to solve an elusive case that has been haunting the lives of Ahn, Sung Mo, and Jae In. The case revolves around the life of prosecutor Kang's mother and father, who were the main cause of the fire. Jae In and Lee Ahn heal each other through their past present and future and find the culprit.(Source: Wikipedia)",8.3,33413,16,"['Park Jin Young', 'Shin Ye Eun', 'Kim Kwon', 'Kim Da Som', 'Noh Jong Hyun', 'Go Youn Jung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Kim Byung Soo,Yang Jin Ah
218,"At a Distance, Spring Is Green",https://mydramalist.com/22160-seen-from-a-distance-green-spring,"Romance,  Life,  Youth","Coming Of Age, Bromance, Adapted From A Webtoon, Child Abuse, Clingy Male Lead, Depression, Older Woman/Younger Man, Abusive Parents, Campus Setting, Anxiety ","A coming of age story about young people in their twenties and the problems they face in university. Nam Soo Hyun and Yeo Joon,  two boys with contrasting personalities, unexpectedly become friends when working on a project together.Depicts the realistic worries and conflicts of university students in their 20's, centered around 1st-year student Yeo Joon. Even though Yeo Joon has an attractive appearance and comes from a wealthy background, he carries pain inside. His character is a puppy-dog freshman who takes a liking to a sunbae and follows him around, leading to an unlikely friendship between two very different boys.(Source: MyDramaList)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Campus Life"" (멀리서 보면 푸른 봄) by Ji Nyoong (지늉).",8.3,14641,12,"['Park Ji Hoon', 'Kang  Min Ah', 'Bae In Hyuk', 'Kwon Eun Bin', 'Choi Jung Woo', 'Woo Da Vi']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"iQiyi,  KBS2,  Viki",Kim Jung Hyun,Unknown
219,Class of Lies,https://mydramalist.com/33949-mr-fixed-term,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Law,  Youth","Murder, Investigation, Death, High School, Jealousy, Multiple Mains, Rich Male Lead, Suspense, Attempted Murder, Attempted Suicide ","The drama is about a highly successful lawyer who falls from grace because of one case. He becomes a fixed term teacher at a high school that is tied to that case in order to regain his honor. Though he goes into the classroom for selfish reasons, he begins to see the crimes that take place and he takes matters into his own hands to help protect victims from their peers. The drama will shine a spotlight on the reality of teenagers facing little to no repercussions after committing a crime because they are teenagers, providing no protection for those who become a victim to these crimes.(Source: Soompi)",8.3,8862,16,"['Yoon Kyun Sang', 'Geum Sae Rok', 'Lee Jun Young', 'Choi Yoo Hwa', 'Choi Kyu Jin', 'Han So Eun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,OCN,"Sung Yong Il,  Park Ji Hyun",Jang Hong Chul
220,The Beauty Inside,https://mydramalist.com/26295-the-beauty-inside,"Comedy,  Romance,  Melodrama,  Supernatural","Prosopagnosia, Successful Male Lead, Strong Female Lead, Calm Male Lead, Secondary Couple, Contract Relationship, Famous Female Lead, Rich Female Lead, Rich Male Lead, Sismance ","Han Se Gye is a top actress, also known as a troublemaker, with many rumors around her. To others, her life appears as a mystery, when in fact she is faced with a strange occurrence where she must change into a different body and new identity for one week a month. She encounters Seo Do Jae, a brilliant man who is an executive at an airline company. He seems to have it all: a perfect appearance, knowledge, and a good job; but he has a secret too. He suffers from Prosopagnosia, the inability to recognize faces. However, he manages to hide this from the world, every day he makes an effort to remember people by their personalities. Seo Do Jae's life begins to change when he meets Han Se Gye. She is the only person whose face he can recognize. But with Han Se Gye's constant disappearance and change, how long can she keep her secret?(Source: AJ at MyDramaList)",8.3,33005,16,"['Seo Hyun Jin', 'Lee Min Ki', 'Lee Da Hee', 'Ahn Jae Hyun', 'Lee Tae Ri', 'Moon Ji In']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,Song Hyun Wook,Im Me Ah Ri
221,100 Days My Prince,https://mydramalist.com/27392-hundred-days-husband,"Historical,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Amnesia, Hidden Identity, Marriage Of Convenience, Joseon Dynasty, Fake Marriage, Eccentric Male Lead, Hardworking Female Lead, Double Identity, Strong Female Lead, Riches To Rags ","Lee Yul, Crown Prince of Joseon, is a perfectionist who disregards most royal palace nobles. His cold and demanding demeanor masks deeply-rooted loneliness. He comes to pass a law stating that Korean citizens of marriageable age must wed before the age of 28.Hong Shim is a strong, intelligent woman who supports herself and her father. After an attempt on his life, Crown Prince Lee Yul is severely injured and finds himself under the care of the Hong household. He’s experiencing temporary amnesia, and now unaware of his identity, he is free to wander at will as a commoner.Due to the law, he himself passed, Hong Shim, now the oldest unmarried woman in her village, must marry or face punishment from officials. Lee Yul proposes to Hong Shim that they ought to marry. Can their budding romance withstand Lee Yul’s eventual recovery, with his memory fully intact?(Source: AJ and Lee C at MyDramaList)",8.3,26011,16,"['Doh Kyung Soo', 'Nam Ji Hyun', 'Kim Seon Ho', 'Han So Hee', 'Jo Sung Ha', 'Kim Jae Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,"Lee Jong Jae,  Nam Sung Woo",Noh Ji Sul
222,God's Quiz,https://mydramalist.com/29391-god-s-quiz-season-5,"Mystery,  Medical","Forensic Medical Examiner Male Lead, Detective Female Lead, Investigation, Detective Fiction, Workplace Setting, Neurosurgeon Male Lead, Doctor Male Lead, Genius Male Lead, Forensic Science, Height Difference ","This is a drama about elite doctors and forensic scientists investigating mysterious deaths and solving mysteries related to rare diseases.Han Jin Woo is the tortured medical genius with a miracle brain that has been through its share of trouble. After he gets involved in an unexpected case, he returns to the medical examiner office for the first time in 4 years.(Source: HanCinema)",8.3,955,16,"['Ryu Deok Hwan', 'Yoon Joo Hee', 'Park  Hyo Joo', 'Park Joon Myun', 'Kim Ki Doo', 'Kim Jae Won']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,OCN,Kim Jong Hyeok,Kang Eun Seon
223,Vampire Prosecutor 2,https://mydramalist.com/4920-vampire-prosecutor-2,"Action,  Mystery,  Drama,  Supernatural","Supernatural Power, Police Procedural, Death, Investigation, Murder, Violence, Clairvoyant Male Lead, Vampire Fiction, Prosecutor Male Lead, Clairvoyance ","In the second season of “Vampire Prosecutor,” Min Tae Yeon is back as the prosecutor who heads up a new division that investigates unsolved murder cases. No one, except for Detective Hwang Soon Bum, knows that Tae Yeon was bitten seven years ago and acquired vampire powers. Together, they solve murder cases, and each time Tae Yeon uses his “powers” to find leads on cases that seem unsolvable. But the one thing he can’t solve is: who was the vampire/serial killer that turned him seven years ago? And what happens when Jung In becomes suspicious of Tae Yeon’s “questionable” tactics in solving cases.",8.3,3632,11,"['Yeon Jung Hoon', 'Lee Young Ah', 'Lee Won Jong', 'Lee Kyung Young', 'Kim Joo Young', 'Gong Jung Hwan']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,OCN,Yoo Seon Dong,"Han Jung Hoon,  Kang Eun Seon"
224,Confession,https://mydramalist.com/31904-confession,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Law,  Drama","Corruption, Wrongfully Accused, Nice Male Lead, Bromance, Smart Male Lead, Murder, Illness, Calm Male Lead, Hardworking Male Lead, Heart Transplant ","A case involving the hidden truth behind the law prohibiting double jeopardy.When Choi Do Hyun was a boy, he had a heart disease. He spent most of his childhood in a hospital. He miraculously had a chance for a heart transplant. Right after the successful heart transplant surgery, his father was accused of murder. His father received the death penalty.To investigate his father's case, Do Hyun now works as a lawyer.(Source: AsianWiki)",8.3,3186,16,"['Lee Jun Ho', 'Shin Hyun Bin', 'Yoo Jae Myung', 'Nam Ki Ae', 'Yoon Gyung Ho', 'Ryu Kyung Soo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,"Kim Chul Gyu,  Yoon Hyun Gi",Im Hee Chul
225,True Beauty,https://mydramalist.com/38627-true-beauty,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Adapted From A Webtoon, Makeover, Popular Male Lead, Beauty, High School, Hidden Identity, Beauty Standards, Nice Female Lead, Insecurity, Smart Male Lead ","""True Beauty"" is a romantic comedy about a high school girl, Lim Ju Gyeong, who rises to pretty girl fame after she masters the art of make-up from YouTube. She turns into a goddess because of her makeup skills, but would rather die than reveal her bare face to anyone. It tells her love story with the only boy that saw her without makeup, Lee Su Ho. Lee Su Ho is an attractive and handsome boy who appears cold because of his dark past but is actually very caring. They grow when they meet each other, share their secrets and find love with each other, but can Su Ho make Ju Gyeong find her true beauty?(Source: Wikipedia)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""True Beauty"" (여신강림) by Yaongyi.",8.3,65935,16,"['Mun Ka Young', 'Cha Eun Woo', 'Hwang In Youp', 'Park You Na', 'Jang Hye Jin', 'Park Ho San']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Kim Sang Hyub,Lee Shi Eun
226,City Hunter,https://mydramalist.com/1702-city-hunter-2011,"Action,  Thriller,  Crime","Strong Male Lead, Hidden Identity, Revenge, Corruption, Adapted From A Manga, Strong Female Lead, Smart Male Lead, Romance, Death, Tragic Past ","Lee Yoon Sung is a talented MIT-graduate who works on the international communications team in the Blue House. He plans revenge on five politicians who caused his father's death with his surrogate father Lee Jin Pyo and eventually becomes a ""City Hunter"". (Source: MyDramaList)~~ Adapted from the manga series ""City Hunter"" (シティーハンター) by Hojo Tsukasa (北条司).",8.3,42148,20,"['Lee Min Ho', 'Park Min Young', 'Lee Joon Hyuk', 'Kim Sang Joong', 'Hwang Sun Hee', 'Kim Mi Sook']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Jin Hyeok,"Choi Soo Jin,  Hwang Eun Kyung"
227,Psychopath Diary,https://mydramalist.com/37255-psychopath-diary,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Comedy,  Crime","Black Comedy, Amnesia, Personality Change, Nice Male Lead, Misunderstanding, Wrongfully Accused, Investigation, Murder, Smart Female Lead, Workplace Abuse ","Yook Dong Shik is a 34-year-old office worker who is so weak and timid that he is used by everybody around him. After an incident, he becomes the scapegoat of his company, and so facing losing his job and his family turning their back on him, he decides to commit suicide. While doing so, he unexpectedly stumbles across a murder scene, but gets into an accident while running from the murderer. He wakes up with amnesia with the psychopath's diary in his possession. With no clues to his true nature other than the diary, and his fragmented memory lining up with the diary entry, he begins to believe that he is in fact a psychopath serial killer.30-year-old neighborhood police officer, Shim Bo Kyung is investigating a suspected serial homicide. After a few run-ins with Dong Shik, she believes that he is an extremely kind man. However, after one too many coincidences, she starts to suspect Dong Shik might be more involved in the case than she thought.36-year-old Seo In Woo is a cold and meticulous psychopath. On the day of his 7th crime, things go wrong and he loses his diary where he writes of all his daily life and detailed description of his murders.(Source: MyDramaList)",8.3,9839,16,"['Yoon Shi Yoon', 'Jung In Sun', 'Park Sung Hoon', 'Lee  Han Wi', 'Hwang Geum Byul', 'Kim Kyul']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Lee Jong Jae,"Ryu Yong Jae,  Kim Hwan Chae,  Choi Sung Joon"
228,God's Gift,https://mydramalist.com/8791-gods-gift-14-days,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Drama,  Supernatural","Time Travel, Neurodevelopmental Disorder, Screenwriter Female Lead, Detective Fiction, Investigator Male Lead, Serial Killings, Misfortune, Injury, Conflict, Wrongfully Accused ","Kim Soo Hyun is a mother whose young daughter Han Saet Byul gets kidnapped and murdered. Due to a mysterious event where time was turned back exactly 14 days before the event, Soo Hyun is given a second chance to expose the kidnapping plot and save her daughter before she dies all over again. Helping her is Ki Dong Chan, a former cop turned private investigator who seems to have his own stake in the whole situation. As Soo Hyun and Dong Chan race against the clock, new light is shed on the crimes, and they uncover secrets far more treacherous than Soo Hyun could have ever imagined.(Source: Wikipedia)",8.3,6447,16,"['Lee Bo Young', 'Cho Seung Woo', 'Kim Tae Woo', 'Kim Yoo Bin', 'Jung Gyu Woon', 'Kim Jin Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Lee Dong Hun,Choi Ran
229,The Tale of Nokdu,https://mydramalist.com/34027-mung-bean-chronicles,"Action,  Historical,  Comedy,  Romance","Cross-Dressing, Joseon Dynasty, Hidden Identity, Strong Male Lead, Birth Secret, Strong Female Lead, Gender Bender, First Love, Martial Arts Master, Smart Male Lead ","Jeon Nok Du lives on an island with his father and older brother. He is smart and a good swordsman. Since he was little, his father did not let him study or go to the mainland. One day, his father and older brother are attacked by a group of female assassins. Jeon Nok Du chases after one of the assassins to the capital. During that time, Jeon Nok Du meets Dong Dong Ju. She wants to shoot the King with her arrow, but Jeon Nok Du saves her from trouble. Meanwhile, the assassin that Jeon Nok Du chases goes into a widowed village. To find out who and why his family was attacked, Jeon Nok Du disguises himself as a woman and enters the widow's village. There, he meets Dong Dong Ju again. She is an apprentice to become a gisaeng. (Source: AsianWiki)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Nok Du Jeon"" (녹두전) by Hye Jin Yang (혜진양).",8.3,22131,32,"['Jang Dong Yoon', 'Kim So Hyun', 'Kang Tae Oh', 'Jung Joon Ho', 'Kim Tae Woo', 'Yoon Yoo Sun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Kim Dong Hwi,  Lee Hyun Jin,  Kang Soo Yeon","Baek So Yeon,  Im Ye Jin"
230,Team Bulldog,https://mydramalist.com/46661-further-investigation,"Action,  Mystery,  Comedy,  Drama","Investigation, Strong Female Lead, Teamwork, Smart Female Lead, Multiple Mains, Eccentric Female Lead, Eccentric Male Lead, Police Department Setting, Detective Fiction, Detective Male Lead ","Known as an enthusiastic and impressively effective detective, Jin Kang Ho will stop at nothing to catch the criminals he’s assigned to pursue. Using any means necessary, Kang Ho goes above and beyond the call of duty to bring in the bad guys. While his gung ho attitude makes him an outstanding detective, it makes getting along with his colleagues a bit difficult. With a passion for solving the unsolvable cases, Kang Ho finds it’s better to work alone. Or so it was, until the day he met Kang Moo Young. The overly zealous producer of a low-rated investigative program, Moo Young is as enthusiastic about solving cases and catching criminals as Kang Ho. Sharing such an intense passion for their work, the two agree to team up, working together to make the world a better place. Soon joined on their quest to better the world by a former criminal profiler, a bar CEO and legendary fist-fighter who has chosen to put his past behind him, and a funeral director who once headed up the ace autopsy team at the National Forensic Service, this ragtag team soon become an unstoppable force in the world of crime-fighting.(Source: Viki)",8.3,2816,12,"['Cha Tae Hyun', 'Lee Sun Bin', 'Jung Sang Hoon', 'Yoon Gyung Ho', 'Ji Seung Hyun', 'Im Chul Hyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,OCN,Kang Hyo Jin,"Lee Yoo Jin,  Jung Yoon Sun"
231,One Spring Night,https://mydramalist.com/32977-spring-night,"Romance,  Life,  Drama,  Melodrama","Nice Male Lead, Family Pressure, Strong Female Lead, Adult Romance, Mother-Daughter Relationship, Father-Son Relationship, Strict Father, Sismance, Male Chases Female First, Mother-Son Relationship ","Feeling trapped in a stale four-year relationship and reluctant to take the next step into marriage, Lee Jung In stumbles into Yu Ji Ho's pharmacy one morning, nursing a hangover after a night of drinking with her friend. As she tries to reassemble herself before going to work, Jung In discovers that she has forgotten her wallet and cannot pay. Ji Ho kindly helps Jung In, despite her prickly personality. What begins as an innocent daily interaction, develops into a deeper attachment as the two find themselves drawn to one another. They embark on a secret friendship while navigating the minefield of familial and societal expectations.",8.3,21057,32,"['Jung Hae In', 'Han Ji Min', 'Kim Joon Han', 'Im Sung Eon', 'Joo Min Kyung', 'Song Seung Hwan']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"MBC,  Netflix",Ahn Pan Seok,Kim Eun
232,The Hymn of Death,https://mydramalist.com/28078-praise-of-death,"Music,  Historical,  Romance,  Melodrama","Forbidden Love, Based On True Story, Biographical, Miniseries, Star Crossed Lovers, Rich Male Lead, Disapproving Parent, Japanese Colonial Rule, Arranged Marriage, Nice Male Lead ","Kim Woo Jin is a stage drama writer while Korea is under Japanese occupation. He is married, but he falls in love with Yun Shim Deok. Shim Deok is the first Korean soprano. She records the song “Praise of Death” which becomes the first Korean pop song in 1926. Woo Jin and Shim Deok's fate ends tragically.~~ Based on the true story of Kim Woo Jin and Yun Shim Deok.",8.3,15552,6,"['Lee Jong Suk', 'Shin Hye Sun', 'Park Seon Im', 'Lee Ji Hoon', 'Han Eun Seo', 'Kim Kang Hyun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Netflix,  SBS",Park Soo Jin,Jo Soo Jin
233,Rookie Cops,https://mydramalist.com/687861-our-police-course,"Romance,  Life,  Youth,  Drama","Police Academy, Hardship, University, Coming Of Age, Campus Setting, Young Adult Female Lead, Young Adult Male Lead, Student-Teacher Relationship, Character Development, Student Supporting Character ","A coming-of-age story that captures the spirit, challenges and passion of youth as two students at the Korean National Police University experience life's charms and traumas whilst trying to become full-fledged cops. From bridging generation gaps with harmony to finding their own romance on campus, two very different students work to achieve their dreams and aspirations in the line of duty.(Source: Disney+)",8.3,9371,16,"['Kang Daniel', 'Chae Soo Bin', 'Lee Shin Young', 'Park You Na', 'Park Sung Joon', 'Min Do Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Disney+,  Hulu","Kim Byung Soo,  Kim Jung Wook",Lee Ha Na
234,She Makes My Heart Flutter,https://mydramalist.com/741249-she-makes-my-heart-flutter,"Comedy,  Romance","Lesbian Female Lead, Short Length Series, Aunt-Niece Relationship, LGBTQ+, Miniseries, Web Series, Lesbian Supporting Character, Workplace Setting, Lesbian Romance, Friendship ","Gang Seol and Jung One, niece and aunt, one outgoing and the other shy, work together at a women-only bar named 'Dickinson's Room'. Even though they have the same sexual orientation, they seem to be worlds apart and have very different love stories. (Source: MyDramaList)",8.3,1559,5,"['Byun Ji Hyun', 'Park So Mi', 'Choi Ji Won', 'Kang Na Young', 'Ahn Yeon Sun']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Soo Not Sue,Jo Ah Ra
235,Five Enough,https://mydramalist.com/16220-five-enough,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Motherhood, Family Relationship, Slice Of Life, Life Lesson, Strong Female Lead, Multiple Couples, Nice Male Lead, Character Development, Workplace Romance, Benevolent Mother ","After losing his wife five years ago, Lee Sang Ta is left with his two children. Since that time, he has lived with his two kids and parents-in-law, who treat him like their own son. He works as a marketing team leader for a fashion brand and never expects to find someone who will make his heart beat again. Ahn Mi Jeong works as an assistant manager at the same fashion company. 3 years ago, her husband had an affair with her friend and left her. She couldn't tell her 3 children the truth about their father and lied that he went to work in America. To this day, the children still believe that their father is in America. She has numbed herself from the struggles of raising her children alone while working. As these two begin to find love again, a tempest is brewing as three sets of in-laws and five children learn to become one family.(Source: AsianWiki)",8.3,3723,54,"['Ahn Jae Wook', 'So Yoo Jin', 'Sung Hoon', 'Shin Hye Sun', 'Shim Hyung Tak', 'Shim Yi Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Kim Jung Gyu,Jung Hyun Jung
236,Iljimae,https://mydramalist.com/118-iljimae-2008,"Action,  Historical,  Romance,  Drama","Hidden Identity, Sword-fight, Vigilante Male Lead, Hidden Agenda, Found Family, Nice Stepfather, Historical Legend, Historical Fiction, Secret, Hidden Personality ","Set during the Joseon Dynasty, Yong acted as a hooligan in the marketplace by day but at night he was a thief who robbed corrupted government officials to give to the poor. After each robbery, he left behind a painting depicting a plum tree branch to make his mark and was thus named Iljimae. His main purpose was not so much to rob but to search for the owner of a specially designed sword which he saw as a child was used to kill his father, a loyal subject of the emperor. Eun Chae is a government official's daughter who despite her upbringing has a lot of empathy toward the poor. She met Iljimae by chance and couldn't help admiring him for what he stood for even though she had never seen his face.",8.3,8924,20,"['Lee Joon Gi', 'Han Hyo Joo', 'Lee Young Ah', 'Park Shi Hoo', 'Lee Moon Shik', 'Kim Sung Ryung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Lee Yong Seok,Choi Ran
237,Gu Family Book,https://mydramalist.com/5577-gu-family-book,"Action,  Historical,  Romance,  Fantasy","Interspecies Romance, Nine-tailed Fox, Strong Female Lead, Superhuman Strength, Revenge, Cross-Dressing, Badass Female Lead, Eccentric Male Lead, Love Triangle, Shamanism ","Choi Kang Chi is a half-human and half-mythical-creature who was adopted by the lord of the Hundred Years Inn. He was the son of Gu Wol Ryung, the guardian spirit of Jiri Mountain, and the human Yoon Seo Hwa.Dam Yeo Wool is a martial arts master and daughter of the leader of a secret organization protecting the region. She was sent to the Hundred Years Inn to observe and protect its lord.They met at the Hundred Years Inn, the most popular inn in the region, and fell in love with each other despite Choi Kang Chi being a half-human. When their world turned into chaos, it is up to Choi Kang Chi to put it back into order; and up to Dam Yeo Wool to ensure that Choi Kang Chi's half-mythical-creature side does not get the best of him.(Source: Snoworld at MyDramaList)",8.3,19986,24,"['Lee Seung Gi', 'Bae Suzy', 'Lee Sung Jae', 'Yoo Yeon Seok', 'Lee Yoo Bi', 'Sung Joon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Shin Woo Cheol,  Kim Jung Hyun",Kang Eun Kyung
238,Voice Season 4,https://mydramalist.com/76615-voice-4,"Action,  Thriller,  Mystery,  Crime","Investigation, Suspense, Animal Abuse, Psychological, Special Power, Perfectionist Male Lead, Animal Death, Childhood Trauma, Strong Male Lead, Smart Female Lead ","A serial killer with enhanced hearing ability, identical to Kang Kwon Joo, appears and starts murdering people using it. Because of this, Kang Kwon Joo is driven into a corner, and she decides to cooperate with Detective Derek Cho to catch the serial killer. Derek Cho, a person of principle who doesn’t allow mistakes, is a team leader from the LAPD (Los Angeles Police Department), a team that deals with criminal gangs. Meanwhile, Kwon Joo has suffered from PTSD since the death of Do Kang Woo, but she still carries out her duties as the leader of the emergency 112 call center. (Source: AsianWiki)",8.3,3155,14,"['Lee  Ha Na', 'Song Seung Heon', 'Son Eun Seo', 'Kang Seung Yoon', 'Baek Sung Hyun', 'Kim Joong Ki']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,"Shin Yong Hwi,  Yoon Ra Young",Ma Jin Won
239,Money Heist,https://mydramalist.com/62541-money-heist,"Action,  Thriller,  Mystery,  Crime","Hidden Identity, Hostage Situation, Reunification Of Korea, Multiple Mains, Violence, Heist, Sexual Content, Strong Female Lead, Murder, Steamy Kiss ","Thieves overtake the mint of a unified Korea. With hostages trapped inside, the police must stop them — as well as the shadowy mastermind behind it all. (Source: Netflix)~~ Remake of the Spanish TV series ""Money Heist"" (La Casa de Papel) [2017].",8.3,13428,6,"['Yoo Ji Tae', 'Park Hae Soo', 'Jeon Jong Seo', 'Lee Won Jong', 'Kim Ji Hoon', 'Jang Yoon Ju']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),Netflix,Kim Hong Seon,"Ryu Yong Jae,  Kim Hwan Chae,  Choi Sung Joon"
240,The Nokdu Flower,https://mydramalist.com/32127-ugeumchi,"Historical,  Romance,  War,  Political","Peasant Revolution, Revolution, Strong Male Lead, Leadership, Corruption, Character Development, Joseon Dynasty, Badass Male Lead, Evil Parental Figure, Smart Male Lead ","Set during the Donghak Peasant Revolution (1894-1895), two half-brothers find themselves on opposing sides of the conflict. Baek Yi Kang is the first son of a prominent family whose wealthy father is a notorious local government official, while his mother comes from the lowest class. His mother's low social standing and being born out-of-wedlock cause people to look down upon him. Baek Yi Hyun is Yi Kang’s younger half-brother who is handsome, smart, and polite. Yi Hyun has everything and treats his half-brother with respect. Song Ja In is the only daughter of the head of a large peddlers’ group, who owns the Jeonjoo Yeokak Inn, where goods are also sold. Ja In has courage and charisma and remains calm under pressure. She dreams of becoming the best merchant in Joseon.(Source: AsianWiki)",8.3,1669,48,"['Jo Jung Suk', 'Yoon Shi Yoon', 'Han Ye Ri', 'Choi Moo Sung', 'Park Hyuk Kwon', 'Min Sung Wook']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Shin Kyung Soo,Jung Hyun Min
241,Oh My Ghost,https://mydramalist.com/14213-oh-my-ghostess,"Thriller,  Comedy,  Romance,  Supernatural","Boss-Employee Relationship, Identity Swap, Hardworking Male Lead, Successful Male Lead, Ghost-seeing Female Lead, Sismance, Love Triangle, Cold Man/Warm Woman, Female Chases Male First, Shamanism ","Bong Sun, a timid young woman, is possessed by the ghost of a lustful virgin. She has zero self-confidence, and because of her extreme shyness, she doesn’t have any close friends. At the restaurant where she works as an assistant, she’s not particularly good at anything, and mostly just gets yelled at a lot. Her grandmother was a shaman so from a young age she’s been able to occasionally see ghosts, though it’s not until she meets the lascivious ghost that she gets possessed totally.Sun Woo is a conceited star chef who’s overflowing with confidence in his food and his skills. Bong Sun harbours a secret crush on him, though he doesn't take much notice of her for two reasons: because he’s always surrounded by women and because he’s hung up on an old flame. But then one day, Bong Sun starts acting differently, shedding her mousy personality, and ends up constantly on Sun Woo’s mind.",8.3,47363,16,"['Park Bo Young', 'Kim Seul Gi', 'Jo Jung Suk', 'Im Joo Hwan', 'Kang Ki Young', 'Kwak Shi Yang']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,tvN,Yoo Je Won,Yang Hee Seung
242,The Sound of Your Heart,https://mydramalist.com/16861-the-sound-of-your-heart,"Comedy,  Life,  Sitcom","Mother-Son Relationship, Father-Son Relationship, Adapted From A Webtoon, Short Length Series, Web Series, Slow Romance, Family ","""The Sound of Your Heart"" comically follows Jo Suk's ridiculous but hilarious adventures with his girlfriend-turned-wife Ae Bong, their dogs, older brother Jo Joon, and parents. ~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""The Sound of Heart"" (마음의소리) by Jo Suk (조석).~~ Two versions available: 20 episodes (web version / 2 parts per episode) || 5 episodes (TV version / 4 parts per episode)",8.3,7800,20,"['Lee Kwang Soo', 'Kim Dae Myung', 'Jung So Min', 'Kim Byung Ok', 'Kim  Mi Kyung', 'Park Sang Hoon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Naver TV Cast,Ha Byung Hoon,Kwon Hye Joo
243,The Sound of Magic,https://mydramalist.com/63835-annarasumanara,"Music,  Psychological,  Drama,  Fantasy","Poor Female Lead, Magician Male Lead, Adapted From A Webtoon, Debt, School Bullying, High School, Magical Power, Melodrama, Musical, Social Inequality ","High school student Yoon Ah Yi finances herself and her younger sister by working part-time jobs. She doesn't know where her parents are. Debt collectors drove her father away from home—and then her mother fled too. But even with her poor financial circumstances, Yoon Ah Yi manages to rank near the top of her school academically. Yoon Ah Yi wants to become an adult as soon as possible, to have a stable job. Her classmate Na Il Deung competes with Yoon Ah Yi for the top grade, but they begin to have feelings for each other. One day, Yoon Ah Yi meets magician Lee Eul at an abandoned amusement park. He performs magic shows for people who believe in magic. He is a mysterious person; he comforts Yoon Ah Yi who tells him that she believes in magic.(Source: AsianWiki || Edited by MyDramaList)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Annarasumanara” (안나라수마나라) by Ha Il Kwon (하일권).",8.3,22497,6,"['Ji Chang Wook', 'Choi Sung Eun', 'Hwang In Youp', 'Oh So Hyun', 'Ji Hye Won', 'Hong Jung Min']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Netflix,Kim Seong Yoon,Kim Min Jung
244,Graceful Family,https://mydramalist.com/34105-graceful-family,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Drama,  Melodrama","Strong Female Lead, Smart Female Lead, Grandpa-Granddaughter Relationship, Badass Female Lead, Calm Male Lead, Rich Female Lead, Family Secret, Murder, Slow Burn Romance, Slight Romance ","Mo Seok Hee is the sole daughter of the MC Group business empire. Financially, she wants for nothing. However, all is not well with her. She is haunted by the passing of her mother, who died in mysterious circumstances a decade and a half ago. Ever since her mother’s death, she has been living in the United States, apart from her father.But when she makes the fateful decision to return home to South Korea, her life is sent into a tailspin – along with the fortunes of the MC Group.Back in South Korea, she meets Heo Yoon Do, a lawyer from a humble background. Heo Yoon Do has been hired by the MC Group as a member of the TOP crisis management team that helps cover up misdemeanors committed by the Mo family.Together the duo builds an unlikely friendship and embarks on a quest to uncover the truth about the death of Mo Seok Hee’s mother. Will Mo Seok Hee and Heo Yoon Do uncover the dark truth behind a death that took place 15 years ago? What other secrets is the MG Group hiding? And could working together lead the duo to romance?(Source: Viki)",8.3,9212,16,"['Im Soo Hyang', 'Lee Jang Woo', 'Bae Jong Ok', 'Lee Kyu Han', 'Kim Jin Woo', 'Jeon Jin Seo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBN,Han Cheol Soo,"Kwon Min Soo,  Park Min Kyung"
245,Memory,https://mydramalist.com/15914-memory,"Law,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","Alzheimer's Disease, Teamwork, Bromance, Mother-Son Relationship, Father-Son Relationship, Law Firm Setting, Criminal Justice System, Co-workers' Relationship, Workplace Setting, Ex-spouse Relationship ","Park Tae Suk is a lawyer who finds out that he has Alzheimer’s and puts his life on the line to fight one last case. The drama depicts his vigorous efforts trying to protect the precious value of the life and family love, while his memory starts fading away.",8.3,1452,16,"['Lee Sung Min', 'Kim Jee Soo', 'Park Jin Hee', 'Lee Jun Ho', 'Jeon Noh Min', 'Yoon So Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Park Chan Hong,Kim Ji Woo
246,Tree With Deep Roots,https://mydramalist.com/2785-deep-rooted-tree,"Historical,  Mystery,  Political","Sejong The Great, Joseon Dynasty, Secret Organization, Murder, Death, Revenge, Sword-fight, Royalty, Martial Arts, Palace Setting ","Early in his reign, King Se Jong accidentally causes the death of his in-laws and their slaves in an attempt to save them from his brutal father, King Tae Jong. Two young slaves, Ddol Bok and his friend Dam survive, but neither knows the other has. Ddol Bok blames the king and vows to kill him to avenge the deaths of everyone he loves. He spends several years becoming a great warrior. Dam, who has a photographic memory, becomes a court lady called So Yi, but she feels so guilty about her role in the other slaves' deaths that she is mute.Ddol Bok returns to the palace under the name of Kang Chae Yoon in order to kill the king. However, he becomes embroiled in the mystery surrounding the deaths of several Hall of Worthies scholars. The deaths were caused by a secret society called ""Hidden Root,"" which was created long ago by followers of Jeong Do Jeon, with the goal of giving more power to ministers and less to the king. King Tae Jong killed Jeong Do Jeon and all of his family except his nephew, Jeong Gi Joon, who is now the leader of Hidden Root and lives in disguise not far from King Se Jong.",8.3,3198,24,"['Han Seok Kyu', 'Jang Hyuk', 'Shin Sae Kyeong', 'Jo Jin Woong', 'Park Hyuk Kwon', 'Hyun Woo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Jang Tae Yoo,  Shin Kyung Soo","Kim Young Hyun,  Park Sang Yeon"
247,Again My Life,https://mydramalist.com/692043-again-my-life,"Mystery,  Law,  Drama,  Fantasy","Time Travel, Fight For Justice, Death, Prosecutor Male Lead, Second Chance, Strong Male Lead, Corruption, Violence, Investigation, Bullied Male Lead ","Kim Hee Woo came from an inauspicious start as a low-grade high schooler to work his way up through university and finally pass the bar examination. His relentless hard work has finally paid dividends, and he has become a public prosecutor. During the course of his investigations, he must conduct a probe into a politician suspected of corruption. But his investigation is abruptly ended when a mysterious man kills him.However, he later comes to, finding that he is actually alive. Restored to the mortal realm, he finds that he must return to university and complete his academic journey again – while he tries to discover the truth about what happened to him. On his journey, he encounters Kim Hee Ah, an exceptionally intelligent young woman who also happens to be the youngest daughter of the family that owns the wealthy Cheonha business group. As Kim Hee Woo and Kim Hee Ah intensify their search for answers, they discover that a shady cabal of rich power brokers may have played a part in his “death.”(Source: Viki)~~ Adapted from the novel series ""Again My Life"" (어게인 마이 라이프) by Lee Hae Nal (이해날).",8.3,8633,16,"['Lee Joon Gi', 'Lee Kyung Young', 'Kim Ji Eun', 'Jung Sang Hoon', 'Choi Kwang Il', 'Hong Bi Ra']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"SBS,  ViuTV","Han Cheol Soo,  Kim Yong Min","Lee Byung Hun,  Kim Yool,  J"
248,Missing Noir M,https://mydramalist.com/12885-missing-noir-m,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Drama","Smart Male Lead, Investigation, Suspense, Calm Male Lead, Revenge, Murder, Suicide, Child Prodigy Male Lead, Involuntarily Missing Person, Hacker Female Lead ","Gil Su Hyeon is extremely intelligent. At the age of 10, he attended Harvard University and after graduating, he went to work at the FBI. 10 years later, he decided to come back to South Korea. He now works as the leader of the Special Missing Persons Unit. The unit deals with about 1% of special missing cases involving violent crimes. His appearance borders on perfection, but he holds a secret. Detective Oh Dae Yeong joins the Special Missing Persons Unit. He has worked as a detective for 20 years and he has an obsession in observing the law. He is known as a master of missing person cases.(Source: MUBI)",8.3,3332,10,"['Kim Kang Woo', 'Park Hee Soon', 'Jo Bo Ah', 'Kim  Gyu Chul', 'Park So Hyun', 'Oh Soon Tae']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,OCN,Lee Seung Young,Lee Yoo Jin
249,The Guardians,https://mydramalist.com/22409-the-guardians,"Action,  Thriller,  Mystery,  Law","Revenge, Strong Female Lead, Corruption, Tragic Past, Teamwork, Investigation, Smart Male Lead, Attempted Murder, Lying, Kidnapping ","The plot centers on a group of people who find their ordinary lives thrown into chaos due to a family tragedy. They monitor criminals 24 hours a day and rescue potential victims before the crime is committed. They also embarrass corrupt state prosecutors and make sure that criminals are punished for their crimes. This TV show illustrates the current society where the simple rule of going to jail if you break the law no longer applies to those in power. Illustrating the tragic lives of the Watchmen group who channel their anger and grief into fighting for justice, “The Guardians” will have stylistic action scenes and a thrilling plot.(Source: MBC America)",8.3,8304,32,"['Lee Si Young', 'Kim Young Kwang', 'Kim Tae Hoon', 'Kim Seul Gi', 'Key', 'Choi Moo Sung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Song Hyung Suk,  Park Seung Woo",Kim Soo Eun
250,Suspicious Partner,https://mydramalist.com/22602-suspicious-partner,"Thriller,  Comedy,  Law,  Romance","Cohabitation, Nice Male Lead, Hardworking Female Lead, Smart Male Lead, Tragic Past, Nice Female Lead, Ex-girlfriend Comes Back, Steamy Kiss, Strong Female Lead, Wrongfully Accused ","Noh Ji Wook is a brainiac prosecutor and Eun Bong Hee is a rookie justice department intern, who always seems to find herself in the most unfortunate and embarrassing situations. Bong Hee is falsely accused of murdering her ex-boyfriend, and Ji Wook gets demoted because he risks his career and reputation to save Bong Hee. Things get complicated as their careers, and love lives get entangled, but one thing brings them together- catching the real culprit responsible for a series of murders before they run out of time and get themselves killed. Ji Eun Hyuk used to be a good friend of Ji Wook, and their friendship used to be the strongest ever. During Eun Hyuk's troubled childhood, Ji Wook used to feel like his only family.(Source: Viki)",8.3,55061,40,"['Ji Chang Wook', 'Nam Ji Hyun', 'Choi  Tae Joon', 'Kwon Na Ra', 'Dong Ha', 'Kim Ye Won']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Park Seon Ho,Kwon Ki Young
251,The King's Affection,https://mydramalist.com/683673-affection,"Historical,  Romance,  Drama","Cross-Dressing, Joseon Dynasty, Hidden Identity, Gender Bender, First Love, Royalty, Strong Female Lead, Nice Male Lead, Death, Cold Female Lead ","The story is set during the Joseon Dynasty, at a time when twins were considered an ominous sign. As a result, when the Crown Princess Consort gives birth to twins, an order is sent to kill the daughter. To save her, she is secretly sent out of the palace.A few years later, the twin daughter Dam Yi returns to the palace to work as a maid. When the male twin, Lee Hwi, loses his life through a case of mistaken identity, their mother, having recognised her daughter as court maid Dam Yi, persuades her to take Lee Hwi's place. Although she distances herself from everybody, Dam Yi starts developing feelings for Jung Ji Woon, her original first love and later teacher who comes from a noble family.(Source: Wikipedia)~~ Adapted from the manhwa ""Yeonmo"" (연모) by Lee So Young (이소영).",8.3,19619,20,"['Park Eun Bin', 'Rowoon', 'Nam Yoon Su', 'Choi Byung Chan', 'Bae Yoon Kyung', 'Jung Chae Yeon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"KBS2,  Netflix","Song Hyun Wook,  Lee Hyun Suk",Han Hee Jung
252,Love Playlist Season 4,https://mydramalist.com/34188-love-playlist-season-4,"Romance,  Life,  Youth,  Drama","Multiple Mains, Web Series, Multiple Couples, Jealousy, Older Woman/Younger Man, Jealous Male Lead, Nice Female Lead, University, Older Man/Younger Woman, Cheerleading ","The fourth season will show stories that everyone has experienced not only of love, but also enlistment, job hunting, and new human relationships.(Source: Soompi)",8.3,2799,16,"['Lee Yoo Jin', 'Park Jung Woo', 'Park Shi An', 'Bae Hyun Sung', 'Kim Sae Ron', 'Kim Hyung Suk']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Yoo Hee Woon,"Lee Seul,  Choi Yo Ji"
253,Special Affairs Team TEN,https://mydramalist.com/3070-special-affairs-team-ten,"Action,  Mystery,  Psychological","Detective Fiction, Detective Male Lead, Detective Female Lead, Teamwork, Eccentric Female Lead, Miniseries, Death, Child Abuse, Strong Female Lead, Gore ","""Special Affairs Team TEN"" is a criminal investigation unit that tackles the most violent crimes in South Korea. These crimes usually have less than a 10% rate for arrests. They chase the most notorious killers who attempt to commit the perfect crimes.Yeo Ji Hoon is a former top-notch detective who now works as a professor. He then becomes the leader of Special Affairs Team TEN. Nam Ye Ri has been a detective for 4 years. She joins Special Affairs Team TEN because of her psychological reasoning powers. Baek Do Sik is a 24-year veteran detective. He possesses a keen sense of intuition, which he honed from his many years as a detective. Park Min Ho is a new detective. He joins Special Affairs Team TEN after impressing Professor Yeo Ji Hoon with his reasoning powers.",8.3,2673,9,"['Joo Sang Wook', 'Choi  Woo Shik', 'Kim  Sang Ho', 'Jo An', 'Yoon  Ji Hye', 'Choi Bum Ho']",Not Yet Rated,OCN,Lee Seung Young,"Lee Jae Gon,  Kim Yoon Joo,  Nam Sang Wook"
254,Terius Behind Me,https://mydramalist.com/27703-terius-behind-me,"Action,  Mystery,  Comedy,  Romance","Corruption, Hidden Identity, Tragic Past, Character Development, Teamwork, Spy Male Lead, Undercover Agent Male Lead, Strong Female Lead, Single Mother Female Lead, Nice Male Lead ","Go Ae Rin is a single mother who, after unexpectedly losing her husband, gets involved in a spy war. She lives in the apartment in front of Kim Bon. Kim Bon, whose code name is Terius, is a legendary black ops agent for the National Intelligence Service (NIS) who has gone into hiding after disappearing without a trace. 3 years ago, in a failed secret operation, he lost the woman he loved. Since then, Kim Bon has hidden away in his apartment, next to Go Ae Rin, isolated from the world around him and living in secrecy trying to uncover the mystery behind what happened back then. When a mysterious incident arises, in which Go Ae Rin's husband dies, they both team up to uncover a huge conspiracy in which Go Ae Rin's husband had become involved. Joining them is Jin Young Tae, a former con man, who may hold the key to what Go Ae Rin and Kim Bon are searching for, and Yoo Ji Yeon, a fellow NIS agent, who appears cold and unfeeling on the outside but harbours feelings towards Kim Bon, who she is kind towards.(Source: AJ at MyDramaList)",8.3,13651,32,"['So Ji Sub', 'Jung In Sun', 'Son Ho Jun', 'Im Se Mi', 'Kim Geon U', 'Ok Ye Rin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Park Sang Hoon,  Park Sang Woo",Oh Ji Young
255,Leverage,https://mydramalist.com/38761-leverage,"Action,  Mystery,  Comedy,  Crime","Smart Male Lead, Leadership, Friendship, Street Fight, Corruption, Badass Female Lead, Slight Romance, Female Lead Action Scenes, Strong Female Lead, Nice Male Lead ","Meet Lee Tae Joon a former insurance claims investigator turned scam strategist.  Backed by a group of former criminals, they aim to bring to justice fellow thieves, grifters and con-men world-wide, who, otherwise, would not get their due, through the usual legal channels. Those who hide illegal activity behind their reputations and think they are above the law, soon become the target of mastermind Lee Tae Joon and his unusual team of talented experts. (Source: MyDramaList)~~ Remake of the American TV series ""Leverage"" [2008].",8.3,2948,16,"['Lee Dong Gun', 'Jeon Hye Bin', 'Kim Sae Ron', 'Kim Kwon', 'Yeo Hoe Hyun', 'Choi Ja Hye']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,TV Chosun,Nam Ki Hoon,Min Ji Hyung
256,The Smile Has Left Your Eyes,https://mydramalist.com/23520-hundred-million-stars-from-the-sky,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Romance,  Drama","Psychological, Murder, Tragic Past, Smart Male Lead, Investigation, Eccentric Male Lead, Cold Man/Warm Woman, Orphan Male Lead, Melodrama, Violence ","A TV series centered around the unfolding relationship between free and unpredictable yet dangerous Kim Moo Young, who is called a ""monster"". He is the first assistant in a Korean beer brewery who becomes a suspect when a woman's suicide turns out to be murder. His life begins to change when he meets a kind, warm advertising designer named Yoo Jin Kang, who wishes to be Moo Young's safe haven. She bears as many emotional scars as him. Yoo Jin Kang also has a brother, a homicide detective named Yoo Jin Gook, with 27 years of job experience. He strives to ""reveal"" who Moo Young really is and attempts to keep his sister, Jin Kang, away from Moo Young, with whom she begins to know. (Source: AJ at MyDramaList)",8.3,19790,16,"['Seo In Guk', 'Jung So Min', 'Park Sung Woong', 'Seo Eun Soo', 'Go Min Si', 'Jang Young Nam']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Yoo Je Won,Song Hye Jin
257,Misty,https://mydramalist.com/24221-misty,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Romance,  Melodrama","Strong Female Lead, Badass Female Lead, Infidelity, Murder, Smart Male Lead, Misunderstanding, Suspense, Eccentric Female Lead, Calm Female Lead, Nice Male Lead ","Go Hye Ran is an ambitious anchorwoman for the popular news show, News 9. She is passionate about her job and doesn't stop until she gets what she wants. One day, she meets an old lover and his wife and gets tangled in a murder case. Her husband Kang Tae Wook, who is a public defender, decides to defend his wife and fix their failed marriage.(Source: MyDramaList)",8.3,4057,16,"['Kim Nam Joo', 'Ji Jin Hee', 'Jeon Hye Jin', 'Im Tae Kyung', 'Go Jun', 'Jin Ki Joo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,Mo Wan Il,Je In
258,Touch Your Heart,https://mydramalist.com/30817-touch-your-heart,"Comedy,  Law,  Romance,  Drama","Famous Lead/Common Lead, Hardworking Male Lead, Hardworking Female Lead, Nice Male Lead, Calm Male Lead, Opposites Attract, Smart Male Lead, Smart Female Lead, Naive Female Lead, Entertainment Industry ","Oh Yoon Seo is a popular actress. She is famous for her beautiful appearance, but her acting is bad. She gets involved in a scandal with the son from a chaebol family. Her acting career declines precipitously.Oh Yoon Seo hears that a famous screenwriter wants her to play the lead female role for a drama series. The character works as a secretary for a lawyer. To gain experience for the role, Oh Yoon Seo is required to work as a lawyer's secretary for a few months. Meanwhile, Kwon Jung Rok is an attorney for a law firm. He is arrogant and cold-hearted. One day, his boss asks Kwon Jung Rok to let actress Oh Yoon Seo work as his secretary for 3 months. He is not happy about the situation, but he has to accept.(Source: AsianWiki)~~ Adapted from the web novel “Jinsimi Dadda” by Yegeo.",8.3,44586,16,"['Lee Dong Wook', 'Yoo In Na', 'Lee Sang Woo', 'Son Sung Yoon', 'Oh Jung Se', 'Shim Hyung Tak']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Park Joon Hwa,"Choi Bo Rim,  Lee Myung Sook"
259,Mine,https://mydramalist.com/75937-blue-diamond,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Drama","Rich Female Lead, Strong Female Lead, Rich Family, Multiple Couples, Sibling Rivalry, Smart Female Lead, Ambition, Hidden Identity, Psychological, Big Family ","“Mine” is about strong and ambitious women who overcome the world’s prejudices in order to find their true selves.Seo Hee Soo was a former top actress, but she gave up her career to marry the second son of Hyo Won Group. She does her best to fit in as a daughter-in-law of that family. She acts confidently all the time to not to lose her true self.Jung Seo Hyun, on the other hand, is married to the first son of the same chaebol family. She is also the daughter of a chaebol family and is elegant, intelligent, and also very rational.(Source: Naver, AsianWiki)",8.3,8300,16,"['Lee Bo Young', 'Kim Seo Hyung', 'Ok Ja Yeon', 'Lee Hyun Wook', 'Cha Hak Yeon', 'Jung Yi Seo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Netflix,  tvN",Lee Na Jung,Baek Mi Kyung
260,Lawless Lawyer,https://mydramalist.com/27441-lawless-attorney,"Action,  Thriller,  Law,  Romance","Smart Female Lead, Strong Female Lead, Revenge, Mixed Martial Arts, Male Chases Female First, Tragic Past, Corruption, Badass Female Lead, Teamwork, Calm Female Lead ","Whatever gets the job done. Bong Sang Pil  grew up living the gangster life, full of tough physical fights and evading the law. When his mother dies a tragic death, he is determined to avenge her death. Sang Pil becomes a lawyer and begins to go after people with absolute power who think they are beyond the law. With the cunning and skills from his previous life, Sang Pil uses both his fists and legal loopholes to amass an impressive winning record.Ha Jae Yi is a young lawyer who believes the law is sacred and fights for justice. But her license gets suspended when she hits a judge over an unjust ruling during a trial. Jae Yi ends up going to work for Sang Pil so that she can continue to pay off her father’s debts. When Sang Pil and Jae Yi get involved in a case that involves Cha Moon Sook, a senior judge who wields a great deal of power, and Ahn Oh Joo, a former gangster who is now the CEO of a corporation, can they figure out a way to beat the most powerful people in the city at a very dangerous game?(Source: Viki)",8.3,23702,16,"['Lee Joon Gi', 'Seo Yea Ji', 'Lee Hye Young', 'Choi Min Soo', 'Lee Ro Woon', 'Lee Dae Yeon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Kim Jin Min,Yoon Hyun Ho
261,God's Quiz,https://mydramalist.com/3379-gods-quiz,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Drama,  Medical","Forensic Medical Examiner Male Lead, Detective Female Lead, Murder, Investigation, Smart Female Lead, Strong Female Lead, Workplace Setting, Neurosurgeon Male Lead, Psychopath Supporting Character, Detective Fiction ","Han Jin Woo, Korea's top medical examiner, leads a team of experts in conducting a medical crime investigation after strange events and mysterious deaths occur in a hospital. He first clashes with but is later aided by Kang Kyung Hee, an attractive female detective who possesses excellent skill in martial arts and a strong sense of justice.",8.3,2954,10,"['Ryu Deok Hwan', 'Yoon Joo Hee', 'Choi Jung Woo', 'Kim Gun Woo', 'Park Da An', 'Na Yoon']",Not Yet Rated,OCN,Lee Joon Hyeong,Park Jae Bum
262,49 Days,https://mydramalist.com/288-49-days-2011,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama,  Supernatural","Coma, Second Chance, Death, Car Accident, Naive Female Lead, Flashback To Past, Depression, Tragic Past, Multiple Mains, Fate ","Shin Ji Hyun was enjoying absolute bliss as she was about to marry her fiancé, Kang Min Ho, but her perfect life is shattered when she gets into a car accident that leaves her in a coma. She is given a second chance at life by a person called The Scheduler, but it comes with a condition: she has to find three people outside of her family who would cry genuine tears for her. In order to do this, she borrows the body of Yi Kyung, a part-time employee at a convenience store for 49 days.(Source: DramaWiki)",8.3,19587,20,"['Lee Yo Won', 'Nam Gyu Ri', 'Jung Il Woo', 'Jo Hyun Jae', 'Bae Soo Bin', 'Seo Ji Hye']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Jo Young Kwang,  Park Yong Soon",So Hyun Kyung
263,Coffee Prince,https://mydramalist.com/2982-coffee-prince,"Food,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Cross-Dressing, Hidden Identity, Boss-Employee Relationship, Hardworking Female Lead, Strong Female Lead, Eccentric Female Lead, Love Square, Gender Bender, Family Pressure, Bromance ","Choi Han Gyul is the grandson of chairwoman Bang of Dong-in Foods, a company that has a thriving coffee business. He has never had a job and does not care for responsibility. Han Gyul is hung up on his first love, Han Yoo Joo, who only sees him as a friend.Go Eun Chan is a 24-year-old tomboy who is often mistaken for a guy. Her father died when she was 16 years old and since then she has taken over as the breadwinner in her family. When Han Gyul and Eun Chan meet, he, not knowing that she is a girl, decides to hire her to pretend to be his gay lover so that he can escape the blind dates arranged by his grandmother. After getting an ultimatum from his grandmother, Han Gyul takes over a rundown old coffee shop, later renamed ""Coffee Prince,"" to prove that he's capable, to both his grandmother and Yoo Joo. In order to attract female customers, he only hires good-looking male employees. Eun Chan, desperate for money, continues to hide her gender to get a job at the Coffee Prince.(Source: Wikipedia)~~ Adapted from the novel “Coffee Prince” (커피프린스 1호점) by Lee Sun Mi (이선미).",8.3,49938,17,"['Gong Yoo', 'Yoon Eun Hye', 'Lee Sun Kyun', 'Chae Jung An', 'Kim Chang Wan', 'Kim Dong Wook']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Lee Yoon Jung,"Jang Hyun Joo,  Lee Jung Ah"
264,Oh My Venus,https://mydramalist.com/15062-oh-my-venus,"Comedy,  Law,  Romance,  Life","Weight Loss, Makeover, Cohabitation, Body Image, Bromance, Rich Male Lead, Hidden Identity, Hardworking Male Lead, Hardworking Female Lead, Steamy Kiss ","Kim Yeong Ho is a personal trainer for Hollywood stars. He reluctantly comes back to Korea to face his family after a scandal with an actress. Even though he comes from a wealthy family background, he suffered a devastating injury during his childhood days. Now, he overcomes his problems with living a healthy lifestyle. Kang Joo Eun is a 33-year-old lawyer who was once the beauty of her school, nicknamed ""Daegu's Venus"". Over the years she has become overweight and unhealthy. She gets dumped by her boyfriend of 15 years.Kang Joo Eun meets Kim Yeong Ho, who agrees to be her personal trainer to help her get healthier. As they work on her physical transformation, they both discover they have feelings for each other. As they grow closer, they heal each other's emotional wounds and fall in love.",8.3,49131,16,"['So Ji Sub', 'Shin Min Ah', 'Jung Gyu Woon', 'Yoo In Young', 'Sung Hoon', 'Henry Lau']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,KBS2,"Kim Hyoung Seok,  Lee Na Jung",Kim Eun Ji
265,Run On,https://mydramalist.com/58651-run-on,"Romance,  Life,  Drama,  Sports","Strong Female Lead, Calm Male Lead, Quirky Humour, Multiple Couples, Nice Male Lead, Hardworking Female Lead, Smart Female Lead, Eccentric Male Lead, Famous Male Lead, Father-Son Relationship ","Ki Sun Gyeom is a sprinter on the national team who was forced to quit due to legal issues. Oh Mi Joo writes translated subtitles for movies. She was thrilled to see her name listed among the credits when she first started. Ki Sun Gyeom had just quit sprinting when he encountered Oh Mi Joo, who felt that destiny most certainly brought them together.Seo Dan Ah is the CEO of a sports agency and the rightful successor to the Seomyung Group. Despite this, she is held back from advancing in the company due to her gender. She fiercely wishes to reclaim what is rightfully hers and lives her life accordingly. Lee Young Hwa, a university art major who enjoys movies and drawing soon enters her life.Could romance be in the cards for these two couples?(Source: AsianWiki; edited by Lee C)",8.3,40228,16,"['Yim Si Wan', 'Shin Sae Kyeong', 'Choi Soo Young', 'Kang Tae Oh', 'Park Young Gyu', 'Cha Hwa Yun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"jTBC,  Netflix",Lee Jae Hoon,Park Shi Hyun
266,Are You Human Too?,https://mydramalist.com/22939-are-you-human-too,"Comedy,  Romance,  Sci-Fi,  Fantasy","Robot, Nice Male Lead, Artificial Intelligence, Interspecies Romance, Smart Male Lead, Identity Swap, Android, Strong Male Lead, Hidden Identity, Cheerful Male Lead ","The drama tells of an android called Nam Shin III who must pretend to be the son of a rich family when the real Nam Shin falls into a coma. Nam Shin's mother, Oh Ro Ra, is a genius at brain technology and artificial intelligence (AI) so when her son, the real Nam Shin, is taken away from her at a young age, in her grief she creates an android that looks exactly like her son and has it grow up in the place of Nam Shin. But when Nam Shin, who is a third generation heir to PK group, gets in an accident and is comatose, the android Nam Shin III must learn how to take his place. (Source: AJ at MyDramaList)",8.3,29142,36,"['Seo Kang Joon', 'Gong Seung Yeon', 'Lee Joon Hyuk', 'Park Hwan Hee', 'Kim Sung Ryung', 'Yoo Oh Sung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Cha Young Hoon,Jo Jung Joo
267,Angry Mom,https://mydramalist.com/12647-angry-mom,"Comedy,  Drama,  Melodrama","Independent Female Lead, Mother-Daughter Relationship, High School, Corruption, Strong Female Lead, School Bullying, Double Identity, Sexual Harassment, Sexual Assault, Smart Female Lead ","The protagonist, Jo Kang Ja was once legendary for being the toughest, most feared troublemaker at her high school in Busan. Due to her pregnancy in her late teens, she drops out of school and tries to become a responsible mother to her daughter, Oh Ah Ran. Fast-forward to the present, Kang Ja is now 34 years old and Ah Ran is a teenager attending high school. The two have a contentious relationship, with Ah Ran ashamed of Kang Ja's unrefined ajumma manners.Meanwhile, in Myungsung High School, when Ah Ran befriends the class outcast Jin Yi Kyung, it makes her the target of the school bullies who make her life hell, yet she's too proud to tell her mother what's happening. When Kang Ja finds out that her daughter is getting bullied, she decides to take matters into her own hands. Unbeknownst to Ah Ran, Kang Ja enrolls in Myungsung High as an undercover student with the false name ""Jo Bang Wool"" to teach those bullies a lesson. But she ends up unraveling the darker problems within the educational system. Kang Ja makes it her mission to put a stop to the school violence, dig up the flaws of the education system, and school corruption at Myungsung High with the help of Ah Ran and naive, idealistic homeroom teacher Park No Ah.(Source: Wikipedia)",8.3,13653,16,"['Kim Hee Sun', 'Ji Hyun Woo', 'Kim Yoo Jung', 'Kim Ji Soo', 'Cha Sun Woo', 'Kim Tae Hoon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Ashbun,Kim Ban Di
268,WATCHER,https://mydramalist.com/33194-watcher,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Drama,  Political","Smart Male Lead, Smart Female Lead, Tragic Past, Corruption, Detective Male Lead, Investigation, Psychological, Trauma, Suspense, Nice Male Lead ","After a dramatic incident 15 years ago, a senior detective, Do Chi Kwang, a former prosecutor Han Tae Joo and a young policeman, Kim Young Koon, become members of an internal affairs investigation team to uncover the truth and root out corruption and injustice from within the ranks of the police.(Source: DramaWiki)",8.3,4710,16,"['Seo Kang Joon', 'Han Seok Kyu', 'Kim Hyun Joo', 'Park Joo Hee', 'Heo Sung Tae', 'Joo Jin Mo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,OCN,Ahn Gil Ho,Han Sang Woon
269,May It Please the Court,https://mydramalist.com/715941-let-s-start-the-argument,"Mystery,  Law,  Drama","Detective Supporting Character, Reporter Supporting Character, Death, Murder, Investigation ","Ace attorney at a big law firm, No Chak Hee, is willing to take any risk to win a case and is set to receive a promotion of a partner position but a problem occurs on a case she accepted. Because of the case, she gets suspended for a year. She then begin to start work as a public defender but hopes to return to her position at the law firm where she worked previously. As a public defender, she shares an office with fellow public defender, Jwa Shi Baek, a top graduate from the Judicial Research and Training Institute. Instead of becoming a judge, prosecutor, or attorney at a big law firm,  he chose to work as a public defender. He is enthusiastic with his work but also has a mysterious part of his personal life that nobody knows about.No Chak Hee and Jwa Shi Baek don't get along very well, but a serial murder case brought them together and as they try to solve the case together more secrets unfolds and they grow to trust each-other. (Source: AsianWiki, edited by Nauriya)",8.3,2053,12,"['Jung Ryeo Won', 'Lee Kyu Hyung', 'Jung Jin Young', 'Kim Hye Eun', 'Kim  Sang Ho', 'Park So Jin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Disney+,  Hulu",Kang Min Gu,Kim Dan
270,God's Quiz Season 3,https://mydramalist.com/4273-gods-quiz-season-3,"Mystery,  Drama,  Medical","Forensic Medical Examiner Male Lead, Investigation, Genius Male Lead, Doctor Male Lead, Workplace Setting, Neurosurgeon Male Lead, Detective Fiction, Detective Supporting Character, Detective Male Lead, Forensic Science ","The old-timer Bae Tae Shik butt heads with Han Jin Woo acting as the genius medical examiner. The two always differ in opinion, but whenever a case needs to be solved they respect each other’s strengths and act as an unbeatable duo.",8.3,1672,12,"['Ryu Deok Hwan', 'Ahn Nae Sang', 'Choi Jung Woo', 'Han Seo Jin', 'Park Hee Bon', 'Na Yoon']",Not Yet Rated,OCN,Ahn Jin Woo,Park Jae Bum
271,Oh My Geum Bi,https://mydramalist.com/20804-my-fair-lady,"Comedy,  Drama,  Melodrama","Father-Daughter Relationship, School Setting, Swindler Male Lead, Child Female Lead, Innocent Female Lead, Disabled Female Lead, Selfish Male Lead, Kind Female Lead, Terminal Care, Sick Female Lead ","Geum Bi is a spirited 8-year-old girl who suffers from Niemann-Pick Disease Type C (NPC), a rare genetic condition that makes her body unable to properly metabolize cholesterol and other lipids. The condition is often referred to as “childhood Alzheimer’s” because of the rapid mental and physical deterioration that accompanies it. Her single father, Hwi Cheol, is a swindler. While taking care of Geum Bi, he learns about the preciousness of life. Geum Bi’s stern mother, Jang Joo Yeong, is estranged from Hwi Cheol and disapproves of everything he does. Go Kang Hee is an arborist who likes to spend her time alone or on the search for stolen cultural artifacts. When Kang Hee meets Hwi Cheol, she finds herself drawn into his life. Can Geum Bi teach Kang Hee to mend her fractured heart?",8.2,1948,16,"['Heo Jung Eun', 'Oh Ji Ho', 'Park Jin Hee', 'Oh Yoon Ah', 'Park Min Su', 'Kang Ji Woo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Kim Young Jo,Lee Myung Hee
272,Awaken,https://mydramalist.com/53875-day-and-night,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Crime,  Fantasy","Tragic Past, Psychology, Eccentric Male Lead, Special Power, Teamwork, Child Abuse, Hot-tempered Female Lead, Trauma, Strong Male Lead, Orphan Male Lead ","It’s been nearly thirty years since one small village was plagued by a mysterious string of events that shook it to its core. While the events were never fully understood, nor the mystery behind them solved, the stories surrounding the village slowly faded, drifting into obscurity amidst the steady passing of time. But when a new string of mysterious incidents begin to take place, memories long-forgotten begin to resurface, and this time, the villagers' cries for help will not go unheard. A legend among his peers, Do Jung Woo is the leader of one of the National Police Agency’s special task forces. While his outward appearance likens him more to an unruly child than a legendary officer, his keen insight and quick wit make him more than capable of solving any crime. After reports of numerous mysterious incidents begin to filter in, Jung Woo springs into action. But this isn’t a mystery he’s allowed to solve on his own. Working alongside Jung Woo, Officer Gong Hye Won refuses to let anything stand between her and what she wants. Tenacious and hot-tempered, she’s determined to solve every case, by any means necessary, and this case is no exception. Joined by Jamie, a detective on loan from the FBI, Jung Woo and Hye Won set out to unravel the present mysteries of this small village. But they soon realize that the incidents of the present tie strongly to those of the past. Will this team of experts be able to solve a case nearly thirty years in the making?(Source: Viki)",8.2,6312,16,"['Namkoong Min', 'Kim Seol Hyun', 'Lee Chung Ah', 'Yoon Sun Woo', 'Yoon Gyung Ho', 'Kim Tae Woo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,"Jo Soo Won,  Lee Soo Hyun",Shin Yoo Dam
273,Salon De Nabi,https://mydramalist.com/61393-fly-butterfly,"Life,  Drama","Hairdresser Male Lead, Introverted Female Lead, Hair Salon, Internship, Slight Romance, Teamwork, Character Development, Hairdresser Supporting Character, Young Adult Female Lead, Teacher Supporting Character ","Set at hair salon Fly High, Butterfly and follows the workers there.Gi Bbeum is in her early 20's and works at Fly High, Butterfly as an assistant intern. She works with three other assistant interns: Moo Yeol, Teacher Woo, and Soo Ri. Gi Bbeum works hard, but she has a hard time dealing with customers.Gwang Soo is a hairstylist at Fly High Butterfly. He is enthusiastic at his job and he works with hair salon director Michel and hairstylist Jen.(Source: Naver, AsianWiki)",8.2,1069,16,"['Kim Hyang Gi', 'Choi Daniel', 'Oh Yoon Ah', 'Shim Eun Woo', 'Park Jung Woo', 'Moon Tae Yu']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Amazon Prime,  jTBC","Kim Da Ye,  Kim Bo Kyung",Park Yeon Sun
274,D-Day,https://mydramalist.com/14086-d-day,"Romance,  Drama,  Medical","Disaster, Survival, Natural Disaster, Earthquake, Teamwork, Greed, Hardworking Male Lead, Secret, Corruption, Death ","An unprecedented 6.5-magnitude earthquake has struck Seoul, destroying roads and buildings, and preventing ambulances from reaching victims. Woefully unprepared for such a massive disaster, Korea can only watch the desperate situation and listen to the pleading cries for help. Hae Sung, a competent surgeon, can’t resist doing everything he can to help the injured people during the emergency. This upsets his hospital and they put him on a blacklist, as his benevolent help is against the hospital's profit. Ddol Mi, beautiful and ambitious, chased money and fame as a doctor, but now wants to become a truly compassionate doctor after meeting Hae Sung. Woo Jin has been building a successful career as Korea’s rising doctor, but secretly, he truly cares about being a genuine doctor, saving the lives of the sick. These three characters team up to rush into emergencies, holding onto hope in the most desperate situations, and taking all sorts of risks for the sake of saving lives.(Source: JTBC)",8.2,8659,20,"['Kim Young Kwang', 'Jung So Min', 'Ha Seok Jin', 'Lee Kyung Young', 'Kim Hye Eun', 'Yoon Joo Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,Jang Yong Woo,Hwang Eun Kyung
275,Ghost,https://mydramalist.com/3993-ghost-2012,"Thriller,  Mystery","Smart Male Lead, Hidden Identity, Murder, Investigation, Corruption, Police Department Setting, Detective Fiction, Detective Male Lead, Death, Suspense ","Kim Woo Hyun is the only son of a high ranking police officer. Woo Hyun entered the police academy ranked first and graduated from the academy ranked first. As a detective, he then joins the cyber investigation department. Woo Hyun then works to reveal the secrets of those that hide within the cyber world.",8.2,7176,20,"['So Ji Sub', 'Lee Yun Hee', 'Kwak Do Won', 'Uhm Ki Joon', 'Lee Won Keun', 'Yoon  Ji Hye']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,"Kim Hyung Shik,  Park Shin Woo",Kim Eun Hee
276,Liar Game,https://mydramalist.com/11133-liar-game-2014,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Psychological,  Drama","Naive Female Lead, Debt, Game Show, Swindler Male Lead, Genius Male Lead, Adapted From A Manga, Money-Obsession, Suspense, Nice Female Lead, Gambling ","Various contestants take part in a game show with a prize of 10 billion won. The contestants who can cheat the others wins the prize. Contestants include genius swindler Ha Woo Jin and naive college student Nam Da Jung.(Source: AsianWiki)~~ Adapted from the manga series ""Liar Game"" (ライアーゲーム) by Kaitani Shinobu (甲斐谷忍).",8.2,9968,12,"['Lee Sang Yoon', 'Kim So Eun', 'Shin Sung Rok', 'Cha Soo Yeon', 'Choi Jin Ho', 'Choi Yoon So']",Not Yet Rated,tvN,Kim Hong Seon,Ryu Yong Jae
277,Giant,https://mydramalist.com/365-giant,"Thriller,  Business,  Romance,  Melodrama","Childhood Friends' Relationship, Brothers' Relationship, Brother-Sister Relationship, Secondary Couple, Forbidden Love, Multiple Mains, Revenge, Friendship, Suspense ","This drama tells the story of three siblings who grew up in the 1970's. Lee Kang Mo, his older brother Sung Mo and younger sister Mi Joo were separated at a young age when their father was killed in a smuggling scheme and their mother also died subsequently. When they are able to reunite years later, they had all reached adulthood and are determined to exact revenge upon the people responsible for their misery.(Source: DramaWiki)",8.2,1086,60,"['Lee Bum Soo', 'Park  Sang Min', 'Hwang Jung Eum', 'Joo Sang Wook', 'Jeong Bo Seok', 'Park Jin Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Lee Chang Min,  Yoo In Shik","Jang Young Chul,  Jung Kyung Soon"
278,A Gentleman's Dignity,https://mydramalist.com/3570-a-gentlemans-dignity,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Adult Romance, Bromance, Friendship, Age Gap [Drama Life], Age Gap [Real Life], Male Centered Plot, Dissociative Amnesia, Independent Female Lead, Mental Illness, Love At First Sight ","Four men in their forties go through love, breakup, success and failure. The story includes the romantic relationship between Kim Do Jin, an architect with a scathing tongue, and strict high school teacher Seo Yi Soo, who moonlights as an umpire at amateur baseball games.(Source IMDb)",8.2,16282,20,"['Jang Dong Gun', 'Kim Ha Neul', 'Kim Soo Ro', 'Kim Min Jong', 'Lee Jong Hyuk', 'Yoon Se Ah']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Kwon Hyuk Chan,  Shin Woo Cheol,  Kim Jung Hyun",Kim Eun Sook
279,God's Quiz Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/2202-gods-quiz-season-2,"Mystery,  Drama,  Medical","Forensic Medical Examiner Male Lead, Strong Female Lead, Murder, Nice Male Lead, Investigation, Slight Romance, Obsessive-compulsive Disorder (OCD), Disability, Workplace Setting, Neurosurgeon Male Lead ","Han Jin Woo and his team of medical experts continue to solve mysterious deaths and cases larger in scale and more intractable than before, including the truth of a rare disease that had been hidden behind seemingly simple crimes.(Source: watchseries)",8.2,2035,12,"['Ryu Deok Hwan', 'Yoon Joo Hee', 'Choi Jung Woo', 'Lee Ha Rin', 'Choo Seung Wook', 'Lee Seol Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,OCN,Unknown,Park Jae Bum
280,Queenmaker,https://mydramalist.com/76695-queen-maker,"Business,  Drama,  Political","Female Centered Plot, Political Campaign, Fight For Justice, Conglomerate, Power Struggle, Businesswoman Female Lead, Influencer Female Lead, Politician Female Lead, Foundation Director Female Lead, Lawyer Female Lead ","After a tragic accident, a powerful fixer uses her skills to transform a civil rights lawyer into the next mayor — and take down her former employer.Hwang Do Hee is a skilled career woman who hasn’t come down from her 12 centimeter (approximately 4.7 inch) high stilettos for the past 12 years. She’s the best in her field of President Identity (PI) consulting and is the leader of the Strategic Planning Office at Eunsung Group, the third largest domestic business. By analyzing the appearance, voice tone, habits, preferences, rumors, and fatal weaknesses of the Eunsung Group’s owner’s family, she is able to perfectly present them in a way that reduces owner risk. Despite all her hard work in this field, she overcomes adversity to work towards making Oh Kyung Sook the mayor of Seoul.Oh Kyung Sook is a labor rights lawyer nicknamed “crazy rhinoceros.” For the past 20 years, Oh Kyung Sook has plowed through like a “rhino’s horn” for common people and workers and is a self-proclaimed Korean Lady of Justice. She is the president of the Women’s Worker Association, Korean Women’s Human Rights Wave, and leader of the Worker’s Solidarity with Rights foundation, proving her charm as a powerful female lead who stops at nothing to protect the weak. As a current labor rights lawyer and a popular YouTuber, Oh Kyung Sook has no interest in authority, but thanks to the help of “Queen Maker” Hwang Do Hee, she becomes determined to become the mayor of Seoul.These two women who used to lead starkly different lives leave everything they know behind to combine forces and create a just and truthful world.(Source: Soompi, Netflix)",8.2,2077,11,"['Kim Hee Ae', 'Moon So Ri', 'Ryu Soo Young', 'Seo Yi Sook', 'Ok Ja Yeon', 'Yoon  Ji Hye']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Netflix,Oh Jin Suk,Moon Ji Young
281,Love in the Moonlight,https://mydramalist.com/16973-love-in-the-moonlight,"Historical,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Cross-Dressing, Joseon Dynasty, Hidden Identity, First Love, Male Chases Female First, Lovers Separated, Opposites Attract, Bromance, Love Triangle, Prince Male Lead ","To protect herself and her family, Hong Ra On disguises herself as a man and counsels men on dating. Due to a love letter she wrote for a client, she meets Crown Prince Hyo Myung. Ra On is unaware that he is the Crown Prince, and Hyo Myung is unaware that Ra On is a woman. Soon after Ra On is forced to become a eunuch by loan sharks, and the Crown Prince and Ra On become interested in each other. As Ra On tries to survive the palace and the Crown Prince navigates his journey to become king, will their love prosper?(Source: MyDramaList)",8.2,34408,18,"['Park Bo Gum', 'Kim Yoo Jung', 'Jung Jin Young', 'Kwak Dong Yeon', 'Chae Soo Bin', 'Chun Ho Jin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Baek Sang Hoon,  Kim Seong Yoon","Im Ye Jin,  Kim Min Jung"
282,Welcome 2 Life,https://mydramalist.com/33670-living-two-lives-anyway,"Comedy,  Law,  Romance,  Fantasy","Parallel Dimension, Smart Male Lead, Strong Female Lead, Second Chance, Married Life, Successful Male Lead, Repentance, Bad Man/Good Man, Second Chance Romance, Character Development ","“Welcome 2 Life” is a fantasy drama that will tell the story about a selfish lawyer who helps people who want to take advantage of the law. One day, he gets sucked into a parallel universe due to an unfortunate accident and begins to live a completely new life as an upright prosecutor.(Source: Soompi)",8.2,3191,32,"['Rain', 'Im Ji Yeon', 'Kwak Shi Yang', 'Seo Hye Rin', 'Park Yoon Young', 'Son Byung Ho']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Kim Keun Hong,  Shim So Yeon",Yoo Hee Kyung
283,Bulgasal,https://mydramalist.com/683675-immortal,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Drama,  Fantasy","Curse, Reincarnation, Revenge, Immortal, Death, Grudge, Different Timelines, Hidden Identity, Dark Fiction, Found Family ","The series tells the story of a man-turned-immortal, Bulgasal, who wants revenge from a woman with a mysterious past and present, who he deems responsible for his immortality and miseries from the past 600 years, hoping to free himself from his curse. (Source: IMDb)",8.2,10020,16,"['Lee Jin Wook', 'Kwon Na Ra', 'Lee Joon', 'Gong Seung Yeon', 'Jung Jin Young', 'Kim Woo Seok']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Netflix,  tvN",Jang Young Woo,"Seo Jae Won,  Kwon So Ra"
284,Rookie Historian Goo Hae Ryung,https://mydramalist.com/33249-rookie-historian-goo-hae-ryun,"Historical,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Joseon Dynasty, Sismance, Strong Female Lead, Nice Male Lead, Hardworking Female Lead, Calm Female Lead, Power Struggle, Conspiracy, Hidden Past, Grandma-Grandson Relationship ","The story takes place at the beginning of the 19th century. Goo Hae Ryung is an intern to become a palace historian. However, it was not acceptable for women to write historical records at that time. She takes one step at a time to create her own destiny in Joseon, where Confucian ideas are deeply rooted.She wants to fulfill her duties as a historian and prove to the world that everyone is equal. Along with the fight of the female palace historians, the drama will tell about her romance with Prince Yi Rim who has a secret of his own.(Source: Koreandrama.org)~~ Two versions available: 40 episodes / 35 minutes (TV) || 20 episodes / 70 minutes (Online)",8.2,19910,40,"['Shin Sae Kyeong', 'Cha Eun Woo', 'Lee Ji Hoon', 'Park Ki Woong', 'Lee Ye Rim', 'Park Ji Hyun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"MBC,  Netflix","Kang Il Soo,  Han Hyun Hee",Kim Ho Soo
285,XX,https://mydramalist.com/42045-blue-moon,"Business,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","Independent Female Lead, Infidelity, Nice Male Lead, Sismance, Lying, Web Series, Second Chance, Heartbreak, Boss-Employee Relationship, Male Chases Female First ","Yoon Na Na is a well-regarded bartender at XX bar. She takes pride in her work and position as the head bartender. She involves herself in other parts of XX like selecting menu items or setup of the interior. Her dream is to own XX bar. One day, the new owner of XX appears in Yoon Na Na. She is Lee Roo Mi. The two women were best friends 5 years ago, but something happened between them. Yoon Na Na became upset at Lee Roo Mi. Now, Lee Roo Mi tries to make up with Yoon Na Na, but it's not easy.(Source: Asianwiki)",8.2,6486,10,"['Ahn Hee Yeon', 'Hwang Seung Eon', 'Bae In Hyuk', 'Lee Jong Won', 'Kim Joon Kyung', 'Na Eun Saem']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"MBC,  Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Kim Joon Mo,Lee Seul
286,Queen for Seven Days,https://mydramalist.com/22875-queen-for-seven-days,"Historical,  Romance,  Melodrama,  Political","Joseon Dynasty, Sibling Rivalry, Lying, Revenge, First Love, Strong Female Lead, Love Triangle, Royalty, Jealousy, Drama ","This drama is about the love story between King Jung Jong and his Queen Dan Kyung, who was crowned and deposed within the span of a week due to rival political factions that controlled the king’s rule. According to historical legend, after the queen was dethroned and removed from the palace, the king would walk to the outside royal pavilion every day and sigh as he gazed at a mountain in her direction. After hearing this, she placed a red skirt, her favorite to wear in the palace, on a rock on the mountain face so he would know that she was well and that she still yearned for him.~~ Adapted from a tragic Joseon legend.",8.2,7234,20,"['Park Min Young', 'Yeon Woo Jin', 'Lee Dong Gun', 'Jang Hyun Sung', 'Kang Shin Il', 'Go Bo Gyeol']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Lee Jung Sub,Choi Jin Young
287,Live Up to Your Name,https://mydramalist.com/23753-live-up-to-your-name-dr.-heo,"Historical,  Romance,  Medical,  Fantasy","Time Travel, Joseon Dynasty, Acupuncture, Strong Female Lead, Character Development, Trauma, Eccentric Male Lead, Tragic Past, Doctor Female Lead, Doctor Male Lead ","Heo Im, who is born in a concubine family in the Joseon era and has very outstanding medical skills, is frustrated about his career as he fails to climb to higher positions in the government because of his background. By accident, he travels through time to modern Seoul 400 years later and meets modern doctor Yeon Gyung. Thinking that Heo Im is weird, she hopes to get rid of Heo Im but instead, they travel back to Joseon together again.(Source: tvN Asia)",8.2,12006,16,"['Kim Nam Gil', 'Kim Ah Joong', 'Yoo Min Kyu', 'Mun Ka Young', 'Yoon Joo Sang', 'Uhm Hyo Sub']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Hong Jong Chan,Kim Eun Hee
288,One Day Off,https://mydramalist.com/738123-park-ha-kyung-travel-diary,"Food,  Life,  Drama","Teacher Female Lead, Solo Trip, Traveling, Miniseries, 1990s, Life Lesson, Web Series ","Set in the 1990's, Park Ha Kyung teaches Korean literature at a high school. To escape her ordinary days, Park Ha Kyung decides to take one day trips on Saturdays. During her one day trip, she walks around, eats different foods, and meets various people. She realizes she receives comfort and empathy through her travels.(Source: AsianWiki)",8.2,618,8,"['Lee Na Young', 'Park In Hwan', 'Park Se Wan', 'Kil Hae Yeon', 'Seo Hyun Woo', 'Koo Kyo Hwan']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Lee Jong Pil,Son Mi
289,Crazy Love,https://mydramalist.com/706923-crazy-love,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Enemies To Lovers, Boss-Employee Relationship, Secretary Female Lead, Steamy Kiss, Narcissistic Male Lead, Fake Relationship, Slow Burn Romance, Love/Hate Relationship, Hardworking Female Lead, Character Development ","No Go Jin is the most popular mathematics instructor in the private education field and the CEO of GOTOP Education. Even though he has only a high school level education, he has achieved all of his success due to his extreme intelligence. He seems like a perfect man with a handsome appearance, high IQ, and wealth. He is also narcissistic. One day, he is suddenly warned that he will be murdered.Lee Shin A works as No Go Jin’s secretary. She is a diligent and responsible employee. Due to her quiet and introverted personality, she has little presence with her boss No Go Jin and her colleagues at work. Her colleagues begin to recognize her, because she has worked for the notorious No Go Jin for more than 1 year. She then learns that she does not have much time left to live.(Source: AsianWiki)",8.2,14563,16,"['Kim Jae Wook', 'Krystal Jung', 'Ha Joon', 'Yoo In Young', 'Im Won Hee', 'Park Han Sol']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Kim Jung Hyun,Kim Bo Gyeom
290,What Happens to My Family?,https://mydramalist.com/9848-what-happens-to-my-family,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Childhood Friends' Relationship, Workplace Setting, Workplace Romance, Big Family, Disease, Multiple Mains, Father-Daughter Relationship, Father-Son Relationship, Boss-Employee Relationship, Multiple Couples ","Every family has its issues but what happens when the patriarch in the family is not happy with the behaviors of his children? Cha Bong Soon does not intend to just sit back and take bad treatment from his three adult children – Cha Kang Shim, Cha Gang Jae and Cha Dal Bong  – and decides to take legal action against them. With such chaos going on in her family, Kang Shim has a tough time focusing on her job as secretary to the president of Daeoh Company and constantly at odds with the president's son, Moon Tae Joo, the company director.(Source: Viki)",8.2,5295,53,"['Yoo Dong Geun', 'Kim Hyun Joo', 'Yoon Park', 'Park Hyung Sik', 'Kim Sang Kyung', 'Nam Ji Hyun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Jun Chang Geun,Kang Eun Kyung
291,King2Hearts,https://mydramalist.com/3386-king2hearts,"Military,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Royalty, Strong Female Lead, Badass Female Lead, Reunification Of Korea, Hardworking Female Lead, Alternate Reality, Power Struggle, Enemies To Lovers, Spoiled Male Lead, North Korean Female Lead ","Kim Hang Ah is a legendary top female instructor working for North Korea’s elite special forces unit. With stamina, training tactics, and strength in all areas, she is the perfect female soldier; however, she has never fallen in love. Pure and candid, Kim Hang Ah’s goal is to fall in love and get married.Lee Jae Ha is the prince of South Korea’s monarchy. His personality reflects his royal position, with refined humor and a handsome face; however, he has little interest in pursuing politics. Though he seems perfect on the outside, Lee Jae Ha is actually very materialistic and blunt about his own desires.One day, calamity strikes the South Korean royal family, and Lee Jae Ha finds himself on the throne in the midst of negotiations between North and South Korea for ending the war. As part of the negotiation process, he and Kim Hang Ah find themselves betrothed to each other. Can these two learn to settle their differences for the sake of Korea?",8.2,19277,20,"['Lee Seung Gi', 'Ha Ji Won', 'Jo Jung Suk', 'Yoon Je Moon', 'Lee Yoon Ji', 'Choi Kwon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Jeong Dae Yun,  Lee Jae Gyoo",Hong Jin Ah
292,A Korean Odyssey,https://mydramalist.com/24049-hwayuki,"Horror,  Comedy,  Romance,  Fantasy","Ghost-seeing Female Lead, Special Power, Supernatural Power, Demon, Steamy Kiss, Aggressive Male Lead, Ghost, Tough Male Lead, Love/Hate Relationship, Bromance ","In 2017, Son Oh Gong and Ma Wang are in conflict with each other as they look for a true light in a dark world where evil thrives. Having made a contract with Seon Mi 25 years ago, entitling her to seek help from Son Oh Gong whenever she calls him in exchange for letting him free, the two meet again in a fateful encounter. From there, Son Oh Gong is bound to his protective role towards Seon Mi, the little girl he had met years ago.(Source: Wikipedia) ~~ Adapted from the classic Chinese novel “Journey to the West,” but reinterprets the story into the present day and has a romantic-fantasy twist.",8.2,40308,20,"['Lee Seung Gi', 'Cha Seung Won', 'Oh Yeon Seo', 'Lee Hong Ki', 'Jang Gwang', 'Lee El']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Netflix,  tvN","Park Hong Kyun,  Kim Jung Hyun,  Kim Byung Soo","Hong Jung Eun,  Hong Mi Ran"
293,Secret Garden,https://mydramalist.com/8-secret-garden-2010,"Comedy,  Romance,  Melodrama,  Supernatural","Body Swap, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Hardworking Female Lead, Rich Male Lead, Male Chases Female First, Hot-tempered Female Lead, Character Development, Strong Female Lead, Obsessive Male Lead, Tough Female Lead ","The drama tells the story of Kim Joo Won, an arrogant and eccentric CEO who maintains the image of seeming perfection, and Gil Ra Im, a poor and humble stuntwoman whose beauty and body are the object of envy amongst top actresses. Their accidental meeting, when Joo Won mistakes Ra Im for actress Park Chae Rin, marks the beginning of a tense, bickering relationship, through which Joo Won tries to hide a growing attraction to Ra Im that both confuses and disturbs him. To complicate matters further, a strange sequence of events results in them swapping bodies.",8.2,50754,20,"['Hyun Bin', 'Ha Ji Won', 'Yoon Sang Hyun', 'Kim Sa Rang', 'Lee Phillip', 'Yoo Seo Jin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Kwon Hyuk Chan,  Shin Woo Cheol,  Kim Jung Hyun",Kim Eun Sook
294,"Fanletter, Please",https://mydramalist.com/722717-send-a-fan-letter,"Comedy,  Romance","Actress Female Lead, Single Father Male Lead, Hospital Setting, Lawyer Male Lead, Sick Daughter, Famous Female Lead, Leukemia, Miniseries, Cancer, Law ","Han Kang Hee is a top star actress who started acting ever since childhood. Because of the pressure as a top star, her self-esteem begins to drop and bad comments about her drama increase. The stress caused by those comments keeps her away from fanletters as well. In this crisis, she coincidentally runs into her first love, Jung Seok. He was a popular kid back in school but is now a single father of a sick child. His daughter Yu Na writes a fanletter to Kang Hee as her huge fan. However, as her letter doesn't make it to Kang Hee, Jung Seok writes back instead. Kang Hee's story with a beloved fan and her first love begins with a special fanletter.(Source: Viki)",8.2,4663,4,"['Choi Soo Young', 'Yoon Park', 'Shin Yeon Woo', 'Jeong In Ji', 'Kang Da Hyun', 'Kim Sang Woo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Jung Sang Hee,Unknown
295,Semantic Error,https://mydramalist.com/685259-semantic-error,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Youth","Gay Romance, LGBTQ+, Serious Male Lead, Smart Male Lead, Enemies To Lovers, Bisexual Male Lead, Opposites Attract, Height Difference, Gay Male Lead, University ","Chu Sang Woo is a junior computer science majoring student who prizes reason, rules, and a rigid sense of what is right above all else. As part of his university work, he is told to work on a group project for the liberal arts, whereby the group is required to make a final presentation in order to pass the module. But as the rest of the group – whom he knows nothing about – have decided to leave him to do all the work on his own, he decides to remove their names, and make the presentation in his name.But little did he know that when he did this, he would deal a heavy blow to the academic prospects of a senior student named Jang Jae Young. The latter, a design major, is Chu Sang Woo’s polar opposite. He is stylish, fun-loving, and – above all – extraordinarily popular. He is the closest thing the college has to a superstar! But when his credit for the liberal arts project is taken away, his grand plans to study abroad are suddenly thrown up in the air. He seeks out Chu Sang Woo and is of a mind to torment him. But when the duo is forced to work together, a strange attraction starts to develop between them…(Source: Viki)~~ Adapted from the web novel ""Semantic Error"" (시맨틱 에러) by Jeo Soo Ri (저수리).",8.2,36374,8,"['Park Seo Ham', 'Park Jae Chan', 'Song Ji Oh', 'Kim Noh Jin', 'Kim Won Ki', 'Cha Jae Hoon']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Unknown,Kim Soo Jung,Jason
296,Light on Me,https://mydramalist.com/688367-saebit-boys-high-school-council,"Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Gay Romance, LGBTQ+, School Club, First Love, High School, Secret Crush, All-Boys School, Nice Male Lead, Love Triangle, Awkward Male Lead ","Tae Kyung is a 18-year-old high school student. He is also a lifelong loner. But one day, he starts questioning his own judgment and tells a teacher that he no longer wishes to be alone. The problem is, he has no idea how to start going about making new friends. The teacher advises him to join the school’s student council. He agrees, but discovers that making friends may be harder than it seems.He meets the Vice President of the council, Shin Woo, who is cool and level-headed, but also somewhat cold toward him and reluctant to accept Tae Kyung. However, he also meets the super-attractive President of the council: Da On, who appears to take an instant shine to him. The beginnings of a romance appear to be in the cards for Da On and Tae Kyung, but Shin Woo does not seem to approve. Matters are further complicated by the fact that Da On’s close female friend – who secretly loves Da On – is jealous of their closeness, and attempts to drive a wedge between them!(Source: Viki)~~ Adapted from the mobile game “Saebit Boys High School Council"" (새빛남고학생회) by Day7 (데이세븐).",8.2,22085,16,"['Lee Sae On', 'Kang Yoo Seok', 'Choe Chan Yi', 'Go Woo Jin', 'Lee Ki Hyun', 'Yang Seo Hyun']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Viki,Lee Yoo Yeon,Lee Ji Eum
297,Remember,https://mydramalist.com/15789-remember-war-of-the-son,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Law,  Romance","Revenge, Smart Male Lead, Alzheimer's Disease, Investigation, Suspense, Hardworking Male Lead, Melodrama, Nice Male Lead, Older Woman/Younger Man, Tragic Past ","Seo Jin Woo has hyperthymesia, a condition that makes him remember life experiences in vivid detail. His father, wrongfully accused of murder, was tied and put on death row. Determined to prove his father's innocence, Jin Woo uses his ability to save him.(Source: MyDramaList)",8.2,12227,20,"['Yoo Seung Ho', 'Park Sung Woong', 'Namkoong Min', 'Park Min Young', 'Jung Hye Sung', 'Lee Won Jong']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Lee Chang Min,Yoon Hyun Ho
298,Who Are You,https://mydramalist.com/13386-who-are-you-school-2015,"Mystery,  Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Identity Swap, School Bullying, School Problems, High School, Amnesia, Love Triangle, Trauma, Hidden Identity, Orphan Female Lead, Tearjerker ","Sekang High School is the most prestigious private high school in Seoul's Gangnam District, and Go Eun Byul is the most popular girl there. Meanwhile, her identical twin Lee Eun Bi is living in an orphanage and is being bullied at school. Then one day, Eun Byul mysteriously disappears. Soon after, Eun Bi loses her memories and is mistaken as being Eun Byul. Eun Bi then starts living her life as Eun Byul.(Source: Wikipedia)",8.2,40380,16,"['Kim So Hyun', 'Nam Joo Hyuk', 'Yook Sung Jae', 'Lee Pil Mo', 'Jo Soo Hyang', 'Kim Hee Jung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Baek Sang Hoon,  Kim Seong Yoon","Kim Hyun Jung,  Im Ye Jin,  Kim Min Jung"
299,Tell Me What You Saw,https://mydramalist.com/39017-call-it-like-you-see-it,"Thriller,  Mystery","Murder, Strong Female Lead, Photographic Memory, Tragic Past, Trauma, Disability, Revenge, Hardworking Female Lead, Police Department Setting, Death Of A Fiancé ","Oh Hyun Jae used to be a top criminal profiler. He solved many cases with his skills, but one day an explosion, caused by a serial killer, ended the life of his fiancé. After the horrific incident, Oh Hyun Jae vanished and he now lives in seclusion. Meanwhile, Cha Soo Young is a police officer in the countryside. She has a special ability which allows her to remember exactly everything she sees. Due to her special ability, she is selected as a rookie detective who will partner with Oh Hyun Jae informally. Together they work to solve cases and uncover the truth behind the Peppermint Killer, the resurfaced serial killer who murdered Hyun Jae's fiancé five years ago.(Source: AsianWiki)",8.2,6224,16,"['Jang Hyuk', 'Choi Soo Young', 'Jin Seo Yun', 'Jang Hyun Sung', 'Ryu Seung Soo', 'Shin Soo Ho']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,OCN,Lee Joon Hyeong,Ko Yeong Jae
300,When the Weather Is Fine,https://mydramalist.com/39601-i-ll-go-to-you-when-the-weather-is-nice,"Romance,  Life,  Drama,  Melodrama","Nice Male Lead, Secret Crush, Steamy Kiss, Healing, Slow Burn Romance, Adapted From A Novel, Return To Hometown, Calm Male Lead, Flashback To Past, Bromance ","A story about forgiveness, healing, and love taking place around a small bookstore in the countryside.Hae Won is an ordinary woman with good character. She has played the cello since she was a child. Hae Won began her social life with her ability to play the cello, but during that time, she was hurt emotionally by others. Due to that, Hae Won does not trust people, and she has closed her heart to others. Hae Won becomes sick and tired of her life in Seoul and decides to move back to her hometown Bookhyun Village. There, Hae Won meets Eun Seob, who runs a bookshop named ""Goodnight Bookstore."" Eun Seob's daily life is simple; wake up, drink coffee, read a book, and write on his blog. However, Eun Seob's daily life begins to change after he meets Hae Won.(Source: Han Cinema, AsianWiki)~~ Adapted from the novel ""When the Weather Is Fine, I'll Go to See You"" by Lee Do Woo.",8.2,17227,16,"['Park Min Young', 'Seo Kang Joon', 'Lee Jae Wook', 'Kim Hwan Hee', 'Moon Jung Hee', 'Im Se Mi']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"jTBC,  Viki",Han Ji Seung,Han Ga Ram
301,Blue Birthday,https://mydramalist.com/695431-blue-birthday,"Thriller,  Romance,  Drama,  Fantasy","Time Travel, Death, First Love, Web Series, Mystery, Suicide, Secret Crush, Unrequited Love, Love Triangle, Hidden Identity ","A fantasy romance drama in which Oh Ha Rin will revisit the past through mysterious photos left by her first love, Ji Seo Jun, who died on her birthday 10 years ago. He had resolved to confess to his childhood friend since elementary school but he ended up taking his own life, much to her shock and horror. He was about to confess to her when he met his sudden death in the photography room.She currently works at an abandoned pet shelter, but on the 10th anniversary of the incident, she comes into possession of some photos that her first love left behind. Ha Rin, whose painful memories were relighted again, decides to burn all the pictures. When she burned the pictures, she suddenly realized she was back to the day the pictures were taken 10 years ago. The camera only has 8 pictures, so Ha Rin only has 8 chances to go back in time.(Source: Soompi, 韩剧TV)",8.2,8025,16,"['Yeri', 'Yang Hong Seok', 'Lee Sang Jun', 'Kim Yi Seo', 'Kim Gyeol Yu', 'Park Joo Hyun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Naver TV Cast,  Viki",Park Dhan Hee,Unknown
302,School 2013,https://mydramalist.com/5571-school-2013,"Mystery,  Youth,  Drama","High School, Bromance, School Bullying, Transfer Student Male Lead, Student Supporting Character, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Best Friends' Relationship, Classmates' Relationship ","Seungri High School ranks as one of the worst of the 178 high schools in Seoul based on academic scores. Kang Se Chan is the top Korean language teacher who owns a famous teaching institute in Gangnam. Meanwhile, Jung In Jae is a short-term Korean language teacher at Seungri High who gets appointed as the homeroom teacher of class 2, the bottom of grade 2. When Se Chan transfers to Seungri High to teach Korean language, he becomes the co-homeroom teacher of class 2-2. Both teachers run into many difficulties having to face bullies, academic underachievers, their parents and other teachers, as well as due to their different teaching methods. However, they need to put their differences aside in order to help their class successfully advance to their senior year.(Source: MyDramaList)",8.2,23259,16,"['Lee Jong Suk', 'Kim Woo Bin', 'Choi Daniel', 'Jang Na Ra', 'Park Se Young', 'Kwak Jung Wook']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Lee Eung Bok,  Lee Min Hong","Go Jung Won,  Lee Hyun Joo"
303,A Beautiful Mind,https://mydramalist.com/11690-a-beautiful-mind,"Mystery,  Psychological,  Romance,  Medical","Antisocial Personality Disorder, Eccentric Male Lead, Father-Son Relationship, Surgeon Male Lead, Emotional Blunting, Investigation, Hospital Setting, Cold Man/Warm Woman, Slow Burn Romance, Character Development ","Lee Yeong Oh is a genius neurosurgeon who just came back to Korea after finishing his studies abroad. He now works with his father, Lee Gun Myung, who is the head of the cardio-cerebrovascular center at Hyunsung hospital. However, Yeong Oh lacks empathy towards his patients due to his antisocial personality disorder.One day, traffic policewoman Gye Jin Sung sees a murder in front of her, which was disguised as a traffic accident. She rushes the victim to Hyunsung hospital, where her crush Surgeon Hyun Suk Joo, of the cardiothoracic section, and Surgeon Yeong Oh operate on him. Unfortunately, the patient dies and she starts suspecting Surgeon Yeong Oh of foul play. Meanwhile, a series of bizarre patient deaths start occurring at the hospital and Yeong Oh starts investigating it.(Source: MyDramaList)",8.2,9872,14,"['Jang Hyuk', 'Park So Dam', 'Yoon Hyun Min', 'Park Se Young', 'Heo Joon Ho', 'Kim Jong Soo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Mo Wan Il,  Lee Jae Hoon",Kim Tae Hee
304,History of the Salaryman,https://mydramalist.com/3164-history-of-the-salaryman,"Mystery,  Comedy,  Melodrama,  Political","Rich Woman/Poor Man, Murder, Age Gap [Drama Life], Age Gap [Real Life], Slight Romance, Sassy Female Lead, Older Man/Younger Woman, Enemies To Lovers, Inheritance Theft, Slow Burn Romance ","Part melodrama, part comedy, this series takes its cues from the epic legend ""The Romance of the Three Kingdoms."" One night, Yoo Bang enters a dark, mysterious villa with nothing but a flashlight, only to find an executive of the Chunha Medical Group, Jin Ho Hae, slouched in a chair dead and Ho Hae's niece, Yeo Chi, hiding behind a curtain. At Ho Hae's funeral, Yoo Bang and Yeo Chi are suddenly taken into custody for his murder, and we're taken three months into the past to reveal what led to this murder and exactly who is responsible. We meet Choi Hang Woo, a director from Ho Hae's rival pharmaceutical company who is undercover to steal the formula for their new drug, and the Chief Researcher from Chunha Group, Cha Woo-Hee. The lives of these individuals become intertwined over the next three months as it is revealed exactly who murdered Ho Hae and why.",8.2,2223,22,"['Lee Bum Soo', 'Jung Gyu Woon', 'Jung Ryeo Won', 'Hong Soo Hyun', 'Kim Eung Soo', 'Lee Gi Young']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Yoo In Shik,"Jang Young Chul,  Jung Kyung Soon"
305,Agency,https://mydramalist.com/723665-advertising-agency,"Business,  Life,  Drama","Workplace Setting, Office Setting, Office Worker Female Lead, Successful Female Lead, Hardworking Female Lead, Orphan Female Lead, Mental Illness, Teamwork, Strong Female Lead ","An office drama depicting a woman who became the first female executive in her group to make her career beyond her first to the highest position. In the background of an advertising agency, it contains realistic stories of the daily lives of those who live a life like war and behind the scenes in the industry.(Source: Korean = Naver || Translation = MyDramaList)",8.2,2038,16,"['Lee Bo Young', 'Jo Sung Ha', 'Son Na Eun', 'Han Joon Woo', 'Jeon Hye Jin', 'Lee Chang Hoon']",Not Yet Rated,jTBC,Lee Chang Min,Song Soo Han
306,May I Help You,https://mydramalist.com/723801-il-dang-baek-butler,"Mystery,  Romance,  Drama,  Supernatural","Healing, Healthy Mains’ Relationship, Kind Male Lead, Grief, Guilt, Flashback To Past, Slight Comedy, Trauma, Death, Slow Burn Romance ","Baek Dong Joo is a former professional ping pong athlete, who has just started to work as a funeral director. On her first day on the job she finds out she has the gift, or curse, to momentarily resurrect and talk to the recently deceased people when she touches them. Those people between life and death have last wishes she has to grant, or her days will be filled with a series of bad luck and accidents. Scared out of her wits by the dead coming back to life, she runs away from her work place from day one, and instead returns to studying for the civil exam she’d failed before. However, since that day, the streak of bad luck and the memory of the first client she abandoned wouldn’t leave her alone. Hence, over a year later, Baek Dong Joo decides to return to work as funeral director, in order to fulfill her duty to and the wishes of the dead people to end her karmic misfortune. She has to grant 21 wishes in total to be freed of this fate.Kim Tae Hee, also known as Kim Jip Sa to his clients, works as a man for hire. Employed by his uncle Vincent running the newly opened errand service company “A Dime A Job” he can be hired for any odd but legal task for as little as one hundred Won. One day, Kim Tae Hee encounters Baek Dong Joo, when he was hired by her boyfriend to break up with her in his stead. After that, their paths continue to cross, and by the virtue of their jobs their fates get intertwined deeper and deeper in a series of life and death situations, surrounding the wishes of the people who had died, and the painful past it is going to unravel for both of them.(Source: MyDramaList)",8.2,6879,16,"['Lee Hye Ri', 'Lee Jun Young', 'Song Deok Ho', 'Tae In Ho', 'Lee Kyu Han', 'Oh Dae Hwan']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Amazon Prime,  MBC",Shim So Yeon,Lee Seon Hye
307,Find Me in Your Memory,https://mydramalist.com/50941-the-man-s-memory,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Hyperthymesia, Female Chases Male First, Nice Female Lead, Healing, Smart Male Lead, Trauma, Positive Female Lead, Nice Male Lead, Entertainment Industry, Death ","The story revolves around a man with hyperthymesia, a condition that gives people the ability to remember an abnormally vast amount of their life experiences in vivid detail, and a woman who has forgotten the most important moments of her life. The two people with similar scars fatefully cross paths one day and come to love each other.Jeong Hoon is an anchor of a news show which has the highest ratings. Jeong Hoon’s handsome face and perfect body figure make him look good in a suit. Unlike his gentle appearances, he becomes a tyrant all of a sudden and starts asking aggressive questions to whoever it is. Because of hyperthymesia, he remembers every single thing happening in 365 days a year ever since his childhood. He can’t forget the memory of the woman he loved, Seo Yeon, who disappeared 8 years ago. A rising star who attracts everyone’s attention, Ha Jin, appears in front of Jeong Hoon at that moment. Despite all the attention, Ha Jin doesn’t waver and keeps her confidence. However, she has a secret that her memory is fading away. The man who cannot forget and the woman whose memory is fading away. Will they be able to overcome their difficulties, understand each other, and fall in love at the end?(Source: Soompi, Viu)",8.2,13237,32,"['Kim Dong Wook', 'Mun Ka Young', 'Kim Seul Gi', 'Yoon Jong Hoon', 'Jang Young Nam', 'Lee Jin Hyuk']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Oh Hyun Jong,  Lee Soo Hyun",Kim Yoon Joo
308,The Secret Romantic Guesthouse,https://mydramalist.com/731175-flower-scholars-love-story,"Historical,  Mystery,  Romance,  Drama","Hidden Identity, Joseon Dynasty, Teamwork, Friendship, Investigation, Childhood Connection, Bright Female Lead, Secret, Boarding House Setting, Debt Passed To Children ","Yoon Dan Oh had enjoyed a comfortable life as the beloved youngest daughter of a well-off family, but no longer.  Now the family breadwinner, she runs the Ihwawon Inn. Current guests are scholars taking the civil service entrance exam in the hopes of becoming high-ranking officials. Among them are Kang San, Kim Si Yeol, and Jeong Yoo Ha, who all have deep secrets. They and Yoon Dan Oh will share information and cooperate to find Lee Seol, who disappeared 13 years ago.(Source: MyDramaList)~~ Adapted from the novel ""Flower Scholar’s Love Story"" (꽃선비열애사) by Kim Jung Hwa (김정화).",8.2,2857,18,"['Shin Ye Eun', 'Ryeoun', 'Kang Hoon', 'Jung Gun Joo', 'Hyun Woo', 'Oh Man Suk']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"SBS,  ViuTV",Kim Jung Min,Kwon Eum Mi
309,Bad Prosecutor,https://mydramalist.com/708415-true-sword-battle,"Action,  Mystery,  Comedy,  Law","Prosecutor Female Lead, Prosecutor Male Lead, Corrupt Legal System, Street Fight, Corruption, Investigation, Investigator Supporting Character, Hacker Supporting Character, Secretary Supporting Character, Criminal Supporting Character ","Jin Jung is a troublemaking prosecutor of the Central District Office. With a strong sense of justice and craziness, he punishes criminals more than they deserve. A Ra is Jung's partner, a competent prosecutor who always judges issues objectively and handles them with a clean finish. Also at the Central District Office is the elite prosecutor Do Hwan, who believes money and power are everything. He is a man who is willing to do whatever it takes to go higher up. In a world corrupted with wealth and evil, the story of these prosecutors unfolds.(Source: Viki)",8.2,4139,12,"['Doh Kyung Soo', 'Lee Se Hee', 'Ha Joon', 'Joo Bo Young', 'Lee Si Eon', 'Kim  Sang Ho']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Kim Sung Ho,Im Young Bin
310,Chief of Staff Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/34585-the-president-s-aide-2,"Drama,  Political","Workplace Setting, Assemblyman Male Lead, Elections, National Assembly, Attempted Assault, Social Media, Attempted Murder, Workplace Romance, Badass Male Lead, Workplace Abuse ","The real political players behind the spotlight take a dangerous gamble. Now an assemblyman, Jang Tae Joon, heads towards the peak of power and fiercely struggles for survival.(Source: MyDramaList)",8.2,1401,10,"['Lee Jung Jae', 'Shin Min Ah', 'Lee Elijah', 'Kim Dong Jun', 'Kim Gab Soo', 'Jung Woong In']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"jTBC,  Netflix",Kwak Jung Hwan,Lee Dae II
311,Diary of a Prosecutor,https://mydramalist.com/33543-war-of-prosecutors,"Mystery,  Law,  Life,  Drama","Social Commentary, Nice Male Lead, Comedy, Smart Male Lead, Strong Female Lead, Sismance, Adapted From A Novel, Bromance, Investigation, Multiple Mains ","A drama depicting the mundane daily routine of overworked prosecutors staying up all night to tackle all the different cases handed over by the police.Lee Sun Woong works at the Public Prosecutor’s Office in his local district. On the outside, he looks a bit slow and like he has no ambitions in life, but his inner self is different from what he appears on the outside.Cha Myung Joo is an elite prosecutor, who was rising on the ladder of success at the Central District Prosecutor’s Office before being sent to a branch office.(Source: HanCinema, Soompi)",8.2,2175,16,"['Lee Sun Kyun', 'Jung Ryeo Won', 'Lee Sung Jae', 'Lee Sang Hee', 'Kim Kwang Gyu', 'Jeon Sung Woo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,Lee Tae Gon,"Park Yeon Sun,  Lee Hyun,  Seo Ja Yeon"
312,"The King's Daughter, Soo Baek Hyang",https://mydramalist.com/8100-the-kings-daughter-soo-baek-hyang,"Historical,  Romance,  Drama","Stolen Identity, Prince Male Lead, Sisters' Relationship, Historical Fiction, Royalty, Sword-fight, Father-Daughter Relationship, Strong Female Lead, Identity Swap, Baekje Dynasty ","King Mu Ryeong was a Baekje king who oversaw a renaissance during his reign while also building his kingdom into a sea power. He had a hidden daughter called Soo Baek Hyang, who did not become a princess due to her evil half-sister, Seol Hee. But Baek Hyang showed deep filial piety to her father and was patriotic. She later became the leader of Bimun, a secret spy group that helped her country in war. She earned eternal recognition in the annals of Baekje history.(Source: MBC)",8.2,1313,108,"['Seo Hyun Jin', 'Jo Hyun Jae', 'Seo Woo', 'Lee Jae Ryong', 'Jeon Tae Soo', 'Im Se Mi']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Lee Sang Yeob,  Choi Joon Bae",Hwang Jin Young
313,Solomon's Perjury,https://mydramalist.com/20464-solomons-perjury,"Law,  Youth,  Drama","Adapted From A Novel, Death, Smart Female Lead, Calm Male Lead, School Bullying, Smart Male Lead, Bromance, Performing Arts, Strong Female Lead, Student Supporting Character ","Solomon's Perjury is a murder mystery that digs into what really happened regarding the death of a student and deals with the growing pains of teenagers. On a Christmas night, a student fell off the school’s rooftop and died. The police concluded that he committed a suicide, and the school immediately tried to hold a memorial ceremony to quickly move on. A couple of days later, a mysterious statement from a witness who saw the student being murdered was delivered to Seo Yeon, a classmate of the dead student. While the school, the police, and the press fight over who is right, many students get hurt. The only thing the adults care about is closing the case. Seo Yeon and some of her friends declare that they can’t stand by quietly and let this unfair process continue, so they decide to hold a school trial in order to uncover the truth, saying “we’re not going to just let this go.” Students act as counselors, judges, and jurors in the school trial. The trial reveals ugly secrets about the murder case and the hypocrisy of the adults involved in the students' fight for the truth.(Source: JTBC)",8.2,5056,12,"['Kim Hyun Soo', 'Jang Dong Yoon', 'Seo Ji Hoon', 'Seo Young Joo', 'Jo Jae Hyun', 'Shin Se Hwi']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,"Kang Il Soo,  Han Hyun Hee",Kim Ho Soo
314,Something About 1 Percent,https://mydramalist.com/18774-something-about-1-percent,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Contract Relationship, Possessive Male Lead, Steamy Kiss, Strong Female Lead, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Smart Female Lead, Sassy Female Lead, Rich Male Lead, Smart Male Lead, Love/Hate Relationship ","Growing up in a wealthy family, Lee Jae In had the best of everything. As an adult he was smart, good looking, had a well-paying job, in short, it seemed like he had it all together. There was just one problem, he was an arrogant jerk.Annoyed with his grandson’s arrogance, Jae In’s grandfather came up with a plan to humble his haughty grandson and maybe even teach him a lesson. In order to inherit everything his grandfather was going to leave for him, Jae In would have to enter into an engagement contract with Kim Da Hyun, a lovely school teacher with one of the sweetest of personalities in the world.Forced to agree with his grandfather’s terms, Jae In and Da Hyun have no choice but to endure the next few months as best they can. Total strangers, with nothing in common and only a contract to connect them, things start out rough. But time brings about many changes and even the hardest of hearts can be made to soften, when given a chance.(Source: Viki)~~ Adapted from the web novel ""Something About 1%"" (1%의 어떤 것) by Hyun Go Woon (현고운).",8.2,22897,16,"['Ha Seok Jin', 'Jeon So Min', 'Im Do Yoon', 'Lee Hae In', 'Kim Sun Hyuk', 'Seo Eun Chae']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,DramaX,Kang Cheol Woo,Hyun Go Woon
315,All-Boys High,https://mydramalist.com/35503-all-boys-high,"Comedy,  Youth","High School, Miniseries, Web Series, Bromance, Eccentric Male Lead, Calm Male Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Chasing A Dream, All-Boys School ",Two high school boys growing and getting mature together. They are thinking about their dreams and future.,8.2,592,10,"['Kim Jae Hyun', 'Lee Seung Hyub', 'Han Il Kyu', 'Koo Ja Keon']",Not Yet Rated,vLive,Unknown,Unknown
316,Sungkyunkwan Scandal,https://mydramalist.com/39-sungkyunkwan-scandal,"Historical,  Comedy,  Romance,  Youth","Cross-Dressing, Hidden Identity, Joseon Dynasty, Bromance, Friendship, All-Boys School, University, Love Triangle, Poor Female Lead, Rich Male Lead ","Kim Yun Hee is a smart, responsible young woman with an independent drive. Since her father passed away, she has worked to support her family but has also managed to do well in her studies. When her younger brother's illness worsens, and their family is in danger of being evicted from their house for lack of money. In her desperation to support him, Kim Yoon Hee decides to take the men's only national exam under her younger brother's name and disguises herself as a boy.On the day of the exam, Kim Yun Hee meets Lee Seon Joon and becomes friends. Lee Seon Joon comes from a privileged background and also possesses good looks. He is also arrogant. They both pass the national exam, and she has to share a room together with him at Sungkyunkwan University while hiding her true nature. There, she becomes friends with the playboy Goo Yong Ha and rebellious Moon Jae Shin.~~ Adapted from the novel ""Sungkyunkwan Scandal 1&2"" by Jung Eun Gwol.",8.2,21990,20,"['Park Yoo Chun', 'Park Min Young', 'Song Joong Ki', 'Yoo Ah In', 'Jeon Tae Soo', 'Seo Hyo Rim']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Kim Won Suk,  Hwang In Hyuk",Kim Tae Hee
317,Another Miss Oh,https://mydramalist.com/16611-another-miss-oh,"Comedy,  Romance,  Melodrama,  Supernatural","Steamy Kiss, Mistaken Identity, Cold Man/Warm Woman, Precognition, Healing, Love/Hate Relationship, Successful Male Lead, Hardworking Male Lead, Secondary Couple, Female Chases Male First ","Two women, both named Oh Hae Young, find themselves constantly mixed up in each other’s lives because of their shared name. From confusion over boys and grades in high school to ending up in the same occupation and company as adults, they can't stop running into each other.And then there’s the man in their lives, a man with the ability to see into the future, a man who must decide which of these women he wants in it. Will these two women continue to find their lives entangled with each other? Or will they finally find a way to separate themselves from each other and become their own people?(Source: Apple TV)",8.2,26276,18,"['Eric Mun', 'Seo Hyun Jin', 'Jeon Hye Bin', 'Ye Ji Won', 'Kim Ji Suk', 'Lee Jae Yoon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Song Hyun Wook,"Park Hae Young,  Wi So Young"
318,Pegasus Market,https://mydramalist.com/35519-cheap-cheonlima-mart,"Business,  Comedy,  Drama","Adapted From A Webtoon, Eccentric Male Lead, Teamwork, Boss-Employee Relationship, Corruption, Nice Male Lead, Character Development, Tragic Past, Bromance, Poor Male Lead ","""Cheap Cheonlima Mart"" tells the story of employees at a falling-behind store where the staff is king, rather than the customer. While the manager tries to revive the mart, they’re up against the “human bulldozer” boss that aims to ruin the store. Moon Seok Gu is a foolish shopkeeper who wants to make Cheonlima Mart the no. 1 retailer store. Although he seems a bit dim-witted, he dreams of becoming an employee at the headquarters of Daemae Group by reviving the mart. Jung Bok Dong is a genius boss who tries to take revenge on Daema Group by destroying Cheonlima Mart. He was originally a board director at Daema Group and trusted by the CEO for his clear insight and fastidious personality, but he was suddenly demoted to being the boss of Cheonlima Mart. He tries to drive Cheonlima Mart to the ground by hiring people who have failed at life and are unlikely to be hired by anyone else.(Source: Soompi)",8.2,1749,12,"['Kim Byung Chul', 'Lee Dong Hwi', 'Jung Hye Sung', 'Choi Kwang Je', 'Jung Min Sung', 'Kang Hong Suk']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Baek Seung Ryong,Kim Sol Ji
319,To My Star Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/712745-to-my-star-2,"Romance,  Drama","Gay Romance, Break Up, LGBTQ+, Famous Lead/Common Lead, Chef Male Lead, Countryside Setting, Actor Male Lead, Gay Male Lead, Ghosting, Disappearance ","After his career took a steady turn for the worse, one of South Korea’s brightest stars, Kang Seo Joon, was afraid he might never be happy again. But after a chance meeting brings the talented chef Han Ji Woo into his life, Seo Joon is certain his luck is about to change.Despite their differences in personality, the chef and the celebrity found themselves unable to resist the other’s charms. Head-over-heels for each other, Seo Joon and Ji Woo believed they had finally found their happily ever after. But their happiness turns out to be short-lived when one of them disappears, leaving nothing but a note behind.Lost without the other, will these two star-crossed lovers find a way back to each other or has their fairy tale romance truly come to an end?(Source: Viki)",8.2,11669,10,"['Son Woo Hyun', 'Kim Kang Min', 'Baek Song Ha', 'Jeon Jae Yeong', 'Jang Hee Won', 'Kim Jin Kwon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Viki,Hwang Da Seul,Park Young
320,Unstoppable High Kick,https://mydramalist.com/2412-unstoppable-high-kick,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Sitcom","Student Supporting Character, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Teenager Supporting Character, Teenager Male Lead, Divorced Male Lead, Family Relationship, Multiple Mains, Hidden Identity, Older Woman/Younger Man ","Lee Yoon Ho, a motorcycle maniac who engages in many fights at school and is known for his high kick, and Lee Min Ho, who enjoys spending time on scale models and web blogs, are brothers born a year apart but attending the same class at school. These two portray completely opposite Korean teenage characters in a comical way.And, of course, there's the rest of the family. Their father, a full-time stock investor since being laid-off from work, nevertheless optimistic and reckless; their mother, an oriental medicine doctor and always overly confident; their grandfather, who loves money more than anything in the world; their grandmother, who is always defeated by her daughter-in-law in ongoing status quarrels, are some of them.Their uncle Lee Min Yong is a 27-year-old single dad. After going through a premature marriage and an early divorce, he enjoys his life back in the dating scene with his half-single and half-married status while continuing to encounter emotionally-involved moments with his ex-wife Shin Ji at times.""Smooth High Kick!"" is a situation comedy which portrays the everyday lives of the main characters colliding with each other in a comical way. However, at a certain point, the surprising mysteries of their seemingly-normal surrounding characters begin to unravel one by one.",8.2,1285,167,"['Jung Il Woo', 'Kim Hye Sung', 'Choi Min Yong', 'Lee Soon Jae', 'Na Moon Hee', 'Park Hae Mi']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,MBC,Kim Byung Wook,"Song Jae Jung,  Lee So Jung,  Lee Young Chul,  Bang Bong Won"
321,Queen of Mystery,https://mydramalist.com/22234-queen-of-mystery,"Action,  Mystery,  Comedy,  Drama","Crime Solving Duo, Smart Female Lead, Tough Male Lead, Badass Male Lead, Badass Female Lead, Teamwork, Sassy Female Lead, Strong Female Lead, Murder, Best Friends' Relationship ","Yoo Seol Ok has always wanted to become a police officer for her entire life. One day, she gets to know a passionate detective. And, he gives her an opportunity to make her dream come true. They work on mysterious cases together.(Source: KBS World)",8.2,4069,16,"['Choi Kang Hee', 'Kwon Sang Woo', 'Lee Won Keun', 'Jeon Soo Jin', 'Park Joon Geum', 'Kim Hyun Sook']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Kim Jin Woo,  Yoo Young Eun",Lee Sung Min
322,Black Dog,https://mydramalist.com/34245-black-dog,"Comedy,  Life,  Drama","School Problems, Teamwork, Smart Female Lead, Hardworking Female Lead, Strong Female Lead, High School, Sismance, Teacher Female Lead, Character Development, Social Commentary ","It tells the story of a young woman who gets a short-term teaching position and does her best to fight for students’ dreams in school. The drama will take a deep look into the lives of teachers and provide commentary on society through the microcosm of a school setting.Go Ha Neul is newly appointed to a short-term teaching position at a private school. She dreamed of becoming a teacher because of her gratitude towards one of her own teachers who saved her life, and she will grow with the students as they face the various issues that exist in a cut-throat private school setting. Park Sung Soon, is the head of the career counseling department at the school and a known workaholic. She is well-known as someone who will do whatever it takes for her students and is even willing to visit schools on her students' behalf to fight for them. Bae Myung Soo and Do Yeon Woo, work with Park Sung Soon. Go Ha Neul joins them.(Source: Soompi)",8.2,2412,16,"['Seo Hyun Jin', 'Ra Mi Ran', 'Ha Joon', 'Lee Chang Hoon', 'Jung Hae Kyun', 'Jo Yun Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Hwang Joon Hyuk,Park Joo Yun
323,Kill It,https://mydramalist.com/32296-blue-eye,"Action,  Thriller,  Mystery,  Drama","Murder, Hidden Identity, Calm Male Lead, Badass Male Lead, Strong Male Lead, Strong Female Lead, Hidden Past, Suspense, Skilled Killer, Orphan Male Lead ","Will a killer-turned-veterinarian and a detective find common ground?Kim Soo Hyun is a veterinarian who is also a professional killer. Many individuals and organizations hire him for large sums of money. Nobody in the public knows anything about him as a killer, including his age, name, and race. Animals are his only companions, but deep inside, he constantly yearns for love. He struggles to develop and maintain any pure relationships around him. One day, a client asks him to kill in exchange for information regarding his mysterious past and a conspiracy involving his birth. Do Hyun Jin was once a ballerina, but now she is a detective working in Seoul, who graduated from police academy as the most excelled. Although she looks cold and stern on the outside, she is, in fact, a very sympathetic individual. Hyun Jin trusts her instincts and isn't afraid to rely on the things around her to make a decision to the best of her abilities. She has suffered trauma but still keeps pushing forward. She starts to chase after Kim Soo Hyun as she believes he is a serial killer.What happens when both get to know that the connection between them has started years ago?(Source: AJ at MyDramaList)",8.2,13070,12,"['Nana', 'Jang Ki Yong', 'Roh Jeong Eui', 'Lee Jae Won', 'Jung Hae Kyun', 'Ji  Il Joo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,OCN,"Ahn Ji Sook,  Nam Sung Woo","Choi Myung Jin,  Son Hyun Soo"
324,Hyena,https://mydramalist.com/36297-hyena,"Mystery,  Comedy,  Law,  Romance","Badass Female Lead, Investigation, Love/Hate Relationship, Smart Male Lead, Corruption, Sismance, Sly Female Lead, Ambition, Deception, Strong Female Lead ","'Hyena' deals with very competitive, private lawyers who only work for the richest 1% of society.  Lawyer Jung Geum Ja crosses the boundaries of law and lawlessness, justice and injustice, ethics and corruption. She is a true hyena that chases after success and money no matter what it takes. Armed with the strongest survival instincts, she endures through it all.  Yoon Hee Jae is a successful, elite lawyer. Confident in his abilities, he possesses a brilliant mind that is wrapped around his ego. Using his skills to support the highest in the land, he’s an expert at maneuvering the law to cater to their needs. (Source: Soompi)",8.2,6381,16,"['Joo Ji Hoon', 'Kim Hye Soo', 'Lee Kyung Young', 'Kim Ho Jung', 'Song Young Kyu', 'Jun Suk Ho']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Netflix,  SBS",Jang Tae Yoo,Kim Roo Ri
325,Somehow 18,https://mydramalist.com/23929-somehow-18,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Fantasy","Time Travel, High School, Attempted Suicide, Short Length Series, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, Doctor Male Lead ","28-year-old Kyung Hwi is a resident at a university hospital. He was bullied in high school. He made a suicide attempt, but Han Na Bi, a mysterious girl that transferred to his school early that semester, prevented him from dying. However, after telling him to live, she had suddenly committed suicide. Kyung Hwi couldn’t forget about her for the past decade and one day wakes up to find himself in his old self 10 years ago. It’s a week before Na Bi committed suicide.He is the 18-year-old loser he used to be, but he can’t miss this opportunity. He has to find out what happened to Na Bi, why she killed herself, and stop her from doing so. Kyung Hwi goes through his life as an 18-year-old with the experience of a 28-year-old, changing his gloomy past as he goes.Will Kyung Hwi, who went back to the time he was an outcast, be able to save his first love and have a happy ending?(Source: JTBC)",8.2,5868,10,"['Choi Min Ho', 'Lee Yoo Bi', 'Kim  Bo Mi', 'Kim Hee Chan', 'Yoo Joon Hong', 'Choi Seo Hyuk']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"jTBC,  Naver TV Cast",Kim Do Hyung,Unknown
326,Mama,https://mydramalist.com/10351-mama-2014,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Mother-Son Relationship, Terminal Illness, Age Gap [Drama Life], Age Gap [Real Life], Single Mother Female Lead, Hot-tempered Female Lead, Return To Hometown, Family Relationship, Older Woman/Younger Man, Birth Secret ","A single mom who has been only focusing on making money and achieving fame suddenly finds out she has a time-limited life. All her life, she has been neglecting her only son so she now wishes to spend the rest of her lifetime for him finding his family before she leaves. She plans to reunite her son with his birth-father so he can live in a stable family environment, but the father is already married to someone else. Mama is a story of 6 months of motherly love and sacrifices that is told by a terminally ill mother.(Source: MBC)",8.2,747,24,"['Song Yoon Ah', 'Yoon Chan Young', 'Moon Jung Hee', 'Jung Joon Ho', 'Hong Jong Hyun', 'Jeon Soo Kyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Kim Sang Hyub,Yoo Yoon Kyung
327,Thirty-Nine,https://mydramalist.com/692971-thirty-nine,"Romance,  Life,  Drama","Terminal Illness, Sismance, Calm Male Lead, Doctor Female Lead, Warm Female Lead, Warm Male Lead, Timid Female Lead, Fast Paced Romance, Steamy Kiss, Multiple Mains ","Leaning on each other through thick and thin, a trio of best friends stand together as they experience life, love and loss on the brink of turning 40.Cha Mi Jo is the head dermatologist of a clinic in Gangnam. She is a warm character who grew up in a wealthy environment with a caring family and everything she could wish for.Jung Chan Young dreamed of becoming an actress but ended up becoming an acting teacher instead. Although her way of speaking may seem blunt and harsh, the sincerity in her words makes her a character impossible to hate.Jang Joo Hee is a department store cosmetics manager. Due to her timid personality, she has yet to really experience a romantic relationship.(Source: Netflix, Soompi)",8.2,10595,12,"['Son Ye Jin', 'Jeon Mi Do', 'Kim Ji Hyun', 'Yeon Woo Jin', 'Lee Moo Saeng', 'Lee Tae Hwan']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"jTBC,  Netflix",Kim Sang Ho,Yoo Young Ah
328,Vampire Prosecutor,https://mydramalist.com/2961-vampire-prosecutor,"Action,  Mystery,  Drama,  Supernatural","Supernatural Power, Police Procedural, Investigation, Death, Murder, Violence, Clairvoyant Male Lead, Vampire Fiction, Vampire Male Lead, Detective Fiction ",Prosecutor Min Tae Yeon is bitten by somebody and becomes a Vampire. Tae Yeon has to live as vampire and survives by drinking the blood of dead people and still lives as a righteous prosecutor.,8.1,5494,12,"['Yeon Jung Hoon', 'Lee Young Ah', 'Lee Won Jong', 'Kim Joo Young', 'Jang Hyun Sung', 'Park Jae Hoon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,OCN,Kim Byung Soo,"Han Jung Hoon,  Yang Jin Ah"
329,Bloody Heart,https://mydramalist.com/700723-red-heart,"Historical,  Drama,  Political","Power Struggle, Strong Female Lead, Royalty, Joseon Dynasty, Palace Setting, Concubine Female Lead, King Male Lead, Historical Fiction, Revenge, Government Official Male Lead ","A fictional historical drama that begins when Lee Tae, the eldest legitimate son of King Sunjong who became king after the rebellion, ascends to the throne of Joseon.Lee Tae’s father deposed the king with the help of Park Gye Won and his father became the king of a new dynasty. After succeeding his father, Lee Tae then became the next king. Lee Tae believes any action is justifiable to achieve his goal. He wants to rule as an absolute monarch, but First Vice-Premier Park Gye Won opposes that idea. Park Gye Won is even more powerful than the king.Meanwhile, Yoo Jung is a daughter of a noble family. Lee Tae thinks of her as his wife. Due to that, her family gets involved in a power struggle in the royal court. (Source: AsianWiki)",8.2,2656,16,"['Lee Joon', 'Kang Han Na', 'Jang Hyuk', 'Park Ji Yeon', 'Heo Sung Tae', 'Choi Ri']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Yoo Young Eun,Park Pil Joo
330,You're All Surrounded,https://mydramalist.com/9288-youre-all-surrounded,"Action,  Mystery,  Comedy,  Drama","Revenge, Tragic Past, Clumsy Female Lead, Childhood Acquaintance, Teamwork, Police Procedural, Mad Dog, Murder, Bromance, Misunderstanding ","Eun Dae Gu, Uh Soo Sun, Park Tae Il and Ji Gook - otherwise known as the P4 - are the new recruits in the violent crime unit at Gangnam Police Station. These rookies are neither enthusiastic nor passionate about their new jobs and have joined the crime squad for varying but unbefitting reasons. They are lead by an erratic and hot-headed Seo Pan Suk who wants nothing more than to wash his hands of the incompetent new recruits.",8.2,19690,20,"['Lee Seung Gi', 'Go Ah Ra', 'Cha Seung Won', 'Oh Yoon Ah', 'Ahn Jae Hyun', 'Park Jung Min']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Lee Myung Woo,  Yoo In Shik",Lee Jung Sun
331,Black Knight,https://mydramalist.com/705077-courier,"Action,  Adventure,  Drama,  Sci-Fi","Skilled Fighter, Found Family, Strong Male Lead, Social Injustice, Discrimination, Dystopia, Post Apocalyptic, Competition, Class Conflict, Truck Driver Male Lead ","In 2071, toxic air pollution had devastated the world, leaving only 1% of the population alive. People rarely leave their homes without gas masks, and delivery drivers known as knights protect and deliver packages. One legendary knight, Knight 5-8, meets a young refugee named Sa Wol who dreams of becoming a knight. With the help of Seol A, an officer in the Defense Intelligence Command, Knight 5-8 trains and mentors Sa Wol, helping him achieve his dream in a dangerous and harsh world.(Source: CK Warrior at MyDramaList) ~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Black Knight” (택배기사) by Lee Yoon Kyun (이윤균).",8.2,9305,6,"['Kim Woo Bin', 'Song Seung Heon', 'Kang Yoo Seok', 'Esom', 'Kim Eui Sung', 'Lee Sung Wook']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Netflix,Cho Ui Seok,Unknown
332,Time Between Dog and Wolf,https://mydramalist.com/291-time-between-dog-and-wolf-2007,"Action,  Romance,  Drama","Revenge, Tragic Past, Amnesia, Noir, Love Triangle ","After his mother is brutally murdered in front of him by the Thai criminal syndicate Cheongbang, Lee Soo Hyun is adopted into NIS agent Kang Jung Ho's family. Together with Kang Min Gi, Jung Ho's son, Soo Hyun becomes a NIS agent. When Soo Hyun met Suh Ji Woo they were about twelve years old and has another fateful encounter with her 13 years later. Together, they had promises for the future. One day, Soo Hyun leaves for an operation dealing with the Cheongbang, only to return in failure because of the resurfacing terrible childhood memories of when he was in Thailand. The chief of NIS agents, Jeong, proposes to the distraught Soo Hyun to infiltrate the Cheongbang. Through Chief Jeong's proposition, Soo Hyun becomes an undercover NIS agent after staging his death. Hiding his past, Soo Hyun infiltrates the Cheongbang with revenge in mind, leaving Ji Woo behind. Under the pseudo-name of Kay, he passes through the backstreets of Bangkok. What Soo Hyun didn't know was Ji Woo is the daughter of the same villain, who killed his mother and father.",8.2,3996,16,"['Lee Joon Gi', 'Nam Sang Mi', 'Jung Kyung Ho', 'Choi Jae Sung', 'Lee Gi Young', 'Sung Ji Ru']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Kim Jin Min,"Han Ji Hoon,  Ryu Yong Jae"
333,Special Labor Inspector Jo,https://mydramalist.com/32684-special-labor-inspector-jo,"Action,  Business,  Comedy,  Drama","Power Struggle, Righteous Male Lead, Boss-Employee Relationship, Teamwork, Eccentric Male Lead, Nice Male Lead, Tough Male Lead, Satire, Slight Romance, Ex-spouse Relationship ","Social satire drama about punishing the ""haves"" of society. It follows Jo Jin Gap, a man who used to be a member of the national judo team, and whose dream of becoming a physical education teacher is dashed when he gets kicked out for his temper. Jin Gap then becomes a civil servant who puts safety first, and works as a labor inspector for the Ministry of Employment and Labor.(Source: HanCinema)",8.2,1495,32,"['Kim Dong Wook', 'Park Se Young', 'Kim Kyung Nam', 'Ryu Deok Hwan', 'Seol In Ah', 'Oh Dae Hwan']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Park Won Gook,  Sung Chi Wook",Kim Ban Di
334,Lovers of the Red Sky,https://mydramalist.com/22680-hong-chun-gi,"Historical,  Romance,  Drama,  Fantasy","Fated Love, Adapted From A Novel, Demon, Painting, Soulmates, Double Identity, Blind Male Lead, Protective Male Lead, Greed, Hidden Identity ","During the Joseon Dynasty, a young woman named Hong Chun Ki is a painter – a true rarity in Joseon Korea, where Confucian values dictate that such pursuits are unsuitable for a woman. She was born blind, but somehow managed to acquire a sense of vision. Now she has been accepted to the most prestigious art college in the land.One day, she meets Ha Ram, an astrologer whose fate is the polar opposite of her own: Although he was born sighted, he lost his vision in a childhood accident. Regardless, he is also in possession of an astounding talent that allows him to read the future by tracing the movement of the sky at night, despite the fact that he is blind.The duo is sucked into the machinations of the royal court, particularly those involving two princes, the free-spirited Prince Yang Myung, and the cruel, scheming, Prince Joo Hyang – a man who longs to become the next Joseon king.(Source: Viki)~~ Adapted from the novel ""Hong Chun Ki"" (홍천기) by Jung Eun Gwol (정은궐).",8.2,11690,16,"['Kim Yoo Jung', 'Ahn Hyo Seop', 'Gong Myung', 'Kwak Shi Yang', 'Choi Kwang Il', 'Kim Kwang Gyu']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"SBS,  Viki,  ViuTV","Jang Tae Yoo,  Nam Tae Jin",Kim Young Young
335,Inspector Koo,https://mydramalist.com/686409-a-wonderful-sight,"Action,  Thriller,  Mystery,  Comedy","Eccentric Female Lead, Investigation, Investigator Female Lead, Smart Female Lead, Alcoholic Female Lead, Murder, Tragic Past, Suspense, Black Comedy, Death ","A hard-boiled investigative comedy drama that centers around the insurance investigator Koo Kyung Yi who investigates a murder case. Koo Kyung Yi, an intelligent woman who solves cold cases for the thrill of cracking the case rather than bringing justice to the world. By hook or by crook, she ferociously chases the truth behind every case. A college student who is a serial killer plots an accidental murder case to defraud her insurance money.(Source: Soompi)",8.2,5300,12,"['Lee Young Ae', 'Kim Hye Joon', 'Kim Hae Sook', 'Kwak Sun Young', 'Baek Sung Chul', 'Jo Hyun Chul']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"jTBC,  Netflix",Lee Jung Heum,Sung Cho Yi
336,Zombie Detective,https://mydramalist.com/61063-zombie-detective,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Comedy,  Fantasy","Investigation, Nice Male Lead, Strong Female Lead, Suspense, Zombies, Drama, Horror, Villain Supporting Character, Writer Female Lead, Detective Fiction ","A zombie and a writer team up to solve crimes in this thrilling drama that explores what happens when someone actually comes back to life. After being secretly buried on a hill, Moo Young comes back to life as a zombie thanks to illegally dumped medical waste. With his memory gone, he eventually accepts reality and does whatever he can to walk and look like a human. Luckily, his peculiarly developed sense of smell allows him to position himself as one of the prominent businesses in the field of private investigation, finding the bodies of those who are reported missing. Sun Ji, who once was a writer for a TV show that deals with issues regarding current affairs, is employed as a part-time assistant at Moo Young’s agency. While being emotional, hot-tempered, and willing to stamp out justice at all costs, Sun Ji finds out that Moo Young is a zombie. As she helps the zombie detective look for the traces of his lost memories, she comes to realize how Moo Young is related to one of her previous cases.(Source: Viki)~~ Two versions available: 24 episodes (TV) || 12 episodes (online)",8.2,8502,24,"['Choi Jin Hyuk', 'Park Ju Hyun', 'Tae Hang Ho', 'Lee Joong Ok', 'Ahn Se Ha', 'Hwang Bo Ra']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Shim Jae Hyun,Baek Eun Jin
337,My Holo Love,https://mydramalist.com/32406-me-alone-and-you,"Romance,  Drama,  Sci-Fi,  Melodrama","Artificial Intelligence, Hologram, Tragic Past, Prosopagnosia, Trauma, Nice Female Lead, Hardworking Female Lead, Hidden Identity, Rich Male Lead, Love Triangle ","“Me Alone and You” is about the events that occur when a lonely woman meets the artificially intelligent “Holo.” The drama is filled with stories of heartbreaking loneliness and tear-stained love.Go Nan Do is the owner of an IT research company. As a genius inventor, he started the company, and all projects were created through his hands. However, the only people who are aware of his existence are his stepsister and the official CEO. He was a hacker in a major case 10 years ago and supposedly died while being pursued.Han So Yeon is an assistant manager at a glasses company. Whether it is working on brand marketing or the logistics of the launching party for the company’s flagship store, she shoulders on her work and stays ahead of the industry’s trends. She meticulously takes care of her clients and her work. However, when it comes to her personal life, she keeps her distance as she suffers from prosopagnosia, the inability to recognize faces.(Source: Soompi)",8.2,27803,12,"['Yoon Hyun Min', 'Go Sung Hee', 'Choi Yeo Jin', 'Hwang Chan Sung', 'Lee Jung Eun', 'Kang Seung Hyun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Netflix,"Lee Sang Yeob,  Yoon Jong Ho","Ryu Yong Jae,  Kim Hwan Chae,  Choi Sung Joon"
338,The K2,https://mydramalist.com/19048-the-k2,"Action,  Thriller,  Psychological,  Romance","Badass Male Lead, Power Struggle, Political, Trauma, Evil Stepmother, Aggressive Male Lead, Tragic Past, Naive Female Lead, Revenge, Forgiveness ","Kim Je Ha is a former mercenary soldier known as “K2” who suddenly turns into a fugitive when he is wrongfully accused of killing his girlfriend while he is serving in Iraq. He finds his way back to Korea and gets a job as a bodyguard for Choi Yoo Jin, the owner of JSS Security and the wife of Jang Se Joon, who is running for president.Je Ha uses his new job to plan his revenge on Park Kwan Soo, the leader of the current ruling party and Se Joon’s rival, whom Je Ha believes ordered the murder of his girlfriend.When Je Ha is assigned to guard Go An Na, the reclusive illegitimate daughter of Se Joon, they begin to develop feelings for each other. But what happens when the person who wants to harm An Na the most is Yoo Jin, Je Ha’s boss and revenge ally? Where will Je Ha’s loyalty lay?(Source: Viki)",8.2,46991,16,"['Ji Chang Wook', 'Im Yoon Ah', 'Song Yoon Ah', 'Jo Sung Ha', 'Kim Gab Soo', 'Lee Jung Jin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Kwak Jung Hwan,Jang Hyuk Rin
339,Search,https://mydramalist.com/51325-the-search,"Military,  Thriller,  Mystery,  Horror","Survival, Virus, Investigation, Suspense, Police Dog, Demilitarized Zone (DMZ), Tragic Past, Animal Abuse, Smart Female Lead, Monster ","Yong Dong Jin is a conscript sergeant in the South Korean armed forces. He is also the military’s leading sniffer dog handler and is just one month away from receiving his long-awaited discharge.But with just weeks to go until he can rejoin the civilian world, a mysterious case threatens to suck him into a long, troublesome intrigue.In the demilitarized zone (DMZ), the area between North and South Korea, a suspected murder in bizarre circumstances piques the army’s attention.The army leaders decide to form an elite search party to scour the DMZ for clues, enlisting Yong Dong Jin and his keen-nosed dogs. Also joining the team will be Son Ye Rim, a relatively green but highly promising soldier who received much of her training in the United States.However, as the party begins to investigate, its members quickly begin to realize that whatever it is they are hunting does not appear to be human…(Source: Viki)",8.2,6391,10,"['Jang Dong Yoon', 'Krystal Jung', 'Yoon Park', 'Lee Hyun Wook', 'Moon Jung Hee', 'Choi Yoon Je']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,OCN,Im Dae Woong,"Goo Mo,  Go Myung Joo"
340,Thank You,https://mydramalist.com/1217-thank-you,"Comedy,  Romance,  Family,  Medical","Alzheimer's Disease, AIDS, Child Female Lead, Doctor Male Lead, Single Mother Female Lead, Secret Child, Mother-Daughter Relationship, Disease, Death Of A Girlfriend, Neurological Disorder ","Dr. Min Ki Seo went to Blue Island to fulfill his deceased girlfriend's last wish to find the single mother and her little girl who was infected by HIV and to apologize to them on her behalf as she had unknowingly given the girl tainted blood when she was being treated at the hospital. Lee Young Shin, the single mom, was having a hard time caring for her grandfather who has Alzeimer's and keeping her daughter's HIV condition a secret while teaching her how to live with it. Min Ki Seo was an arrogant person who looked down on people and in meeting Lee Young Shin who accepted her fate and tried to make the best of it despite all odds, he slowly changed for the better and became a warm and caring person.(DW)",8.2,2587,16,"['Jang Hyuk', 'Gong Hyo Jin', 'Seo Shin Ae', 'Shin Sung Rok', 'Kim Sung Eun', 'Hong Yeo Jin']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,MBC,Unknown,Lee Kyung Hee
341,School 2017,https://mydramalist.com/22477-school-2017,"Mystery,  Comedy,  Romance,  Youth","High School, School Problems, Friendship, Bromance, School Bullying, Slow Burn Romance, Aggressive Male Lead, Character Development, First Love, Rich Male Lead ","The drama tells realistically of the many various troubles that high school students can face. Ra Eun Ho is just one of them, struggling to survive in a school that discriminates against rich and poor, and believes that the best students are the ones with the best grades. Eun Ho is a cheerful, upbeat 18-year-old girl whose dream is to be a webtoon artist. When she mistakenly gets caught up in another student's effort to send the school into turmoil, Ra Eun Ho is framed as the legendary Student X, a mysterious troublemaker whose identity is unknown, and suddenly, all of her aspirations are put at risk.Joining her is Hyun Tae Woon, the son of the school's director with a difficult personality and troubled past. In a motorbike accident, he lost his best friend and from there, his life changed. He is uptight, aloof and rude, but as he gets to know the polar opposite Ra Eun Ho, his view on the world changes. He falls in love with her, and together with their fellow students, they decide to stand up against their corrupt school system and make a change.(Source: AJ at MyDramaList)",8.2,30127,16,"['Kim Se Jeong', 'Kim Jung Hyun', 'Jang Dong Yoon', 'Han Sun Hwa', 'Han Joo Wan', 'Seol In Ah']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Song Min Yeop,  Park Jin Suk",Jung Chan Mi
342,Go Ho's Starry Night,https://mydramalist.com/16921-go-hos-starry-night,"Business,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Reverse-Harem, Love/Hate Relationship, Male Chases Female First, Secret Crush, Hardworking Female Lead, Boss-Employee Relationship, Web Series, Cold Man/Warm Woman, Cold Male Lead, Unrequited Love ","The Starry Night is a Chinese-South Korean collaboration web drama.At twenty-nine-years-old, Go Ho faces the struggles of the modern day woman, namely the struggles to succeed in work and romance in the 21st Century. An advertisement contractor who is unlucky in love, Go Ho works hard to be successful with her career, and only thinks of romance as an afterthought. But one day, an old flame turns up, taking on the role of her new boss, and suddenly it seems like every man is looking her way. Will the dust settle long enough for her to make the right romantic choices?",8.2,10622,20,"['Kwon Yu Ri', 'Kim Young Kwang', 'Lee Ji Hoon', 'Shin Jae Ha', 'Kim Ji Hoon', 'Kang Rae Yeon']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,"SBS,  Sohu TV",Jo Soo Won,Shin Yoo Dam
343,The Most Beautiful Goodbye,https://mydramalist.com/26030-the-most-beautiful-goodbye-in-the-world,"Life,  Melodrama","Neurological Disorder, Tearjerker, Miniseries, Alzheimer's Disease, Terminal Illness, Family ",An ordinary middle-aged woman has devoted her life to her family. She is diagnosed with terminal cancer and must prepare her goodbye to her family.,8.2,604,4,"['Won Mi Kyung', 'Yoo Dong Geun', 'Kim Young Ok', 'Choi Ji Woo', 'Choi Min Ho', 'Yoo Jae Myung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Hong Jong Chan,Noh Hee Kyung
344,Romance Is a Bonus Book,https://mydramalist.com/30894-romance-is-a-bonus-book,"Business,  Comedy,  Romance,  Melodrama","Friends To Lovers, Cohabitation, Successful Male Lead, Smart Male Lead, Nice Male Lead, Slow Burn Romance, Older Woman/Younger Man, Secret Crush, Love Triangle, Boss-Employee Relationship ","Cha Eun Ho is a successful and handsome writer who is also the youngest chief editor at a publishing company.  He has a calm demeanor and remains reasonable at work.  He then becomes involved in the life of his childhood friend, Kang Dan Yi who was once a popular copywriter. She is now divorced, a single mother, unemployed and struggling in life though still attempts to find a job, but even with her once good career, she cannot. However, in a desperate attempt to find a job, she lies about her background and begins to work as a temporary worker in the same building under none other than Cha Eun Ho. As they become involved in each other’s life more than often, a love story begins to unfold.(Source: AJ at MyDramaList)",8.2,47235,16,"['Lee Na Young', 'Lee Jong Suk', 'Jung Eugene', 'Wi Ha Joon', 'Kim Tae Woo', 'Kim Yoo Mi']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Netflix,  tvN",Lee Jeong Hyo,Jung Hyun Jung
345,The Light in Your Eyes,https://mydramalist.com/30917-dazzling,"Romance,  Life,  Drama,  Melodrama","Life Lesson, Family Relationship, Time Loop, Father-Daughter Relationship, Time Manipulation, Mother-Daughter Relationship, Poor Male Lead, Double Identity, Poor Female Lead, First Love ","In order to save her father from an accident, 25-year-old Kim Hye Ja uses a mysterious watch to rewind time in an attempt to prevent the accident, but fails. Desperate, she ends up rewinding the watch too many times and accidentally ages herself, becoming a 70 year old.Confused and oblivious as to how she ended up like this, she sets out on a journey to put everything back on track. Along the way, she encounters her family and friends who no longer recognize her, including Lee Joon Ha, a young man she loved, who yearns for her while struggling with his life. When 70 year old Kim Hye Ja and the young Lee Joon Ha come together to form an unlikely bond, a devastating and life-turning truth is revealed, the crux of all the time she lost.(Source: Nauriya at MyDramaList)",8.2,8371,12,"['Han Ji Min', 'Kim Hye Ja', 'Nam Joo Hyuk', 'Son Ho Jun', 'Ahn Nae Sang', 'Lee Jung Eun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"jTBC,  Viki",Kim Seok Yoon,"Kim Soo Jin,  Lee Nam Gyu"
346,Rooftop Prince,https://mydramalist.com/3380-rooftop-prince,"Historical,  Comedy,  Romance,  Fantasy","Time Travel, Reincarnation, Joseon Dynasty, Lost Child, Teamwork, Mystery, Long Lost Mother, Lying Female Lead, Mean Sister, Flashback To Past ","Crown Prince Yi Gak finds that he has been transported from the Joseon Dynasty to modern-day Seoul. He meets Hong Se Na, who bears a striking resemblance to his dead wife, and is determined to solve the 300-year-old mystery of her death. With his own resemblance to the CEO’s grandson at the company where Se Na works, Gak assumes the identity of the young man to stay close to her. Can the Crown Prince navigate a modern corporation to find clues to his own time period?",8.1,29354,20,"['Park Yoo Chun', 'Han Ji Min', 'Jung Yoo Mi', 'Lee Tae Sung', 'Lee Tae Ri', 'Choi  Woo Shik']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Ahn Gil Ho,  Shin Yoon Sub",Lee Hee Myung
347,Live On,https://mydramalist.com/62495-untitled,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth,  Drama","School Bullying, Hardworking Male Lead, High School, Hidden Past, Popular Female Lead, Social Media, School Club, Smart Male Lead, Strong Female Lead, Secondary Couple ","Baek Ho Rang is the most popular girl in high school. Everybody wants to be her friend, and all of the boys dream of winning her heart. Although she is famously aloof, she is also a star on social media – with the whole school seemingly following her every post. But when a mysterious individual arrives online, she is caught off-guard.This person seems to know all of Baek Ho Rang’s deepest secrets, and is seemingly armed with all sorts of information about her that she’d rather was kept a secret forever! Desperate for answers, she seeks out the help of Go Eun Taek, the meticulous, right-minded head of the school’s broadcasting club. However, in order to gain his assistance, she discovers that she will have to become a regular club member – a fact that eventually brings her together with a group of students she never thought she’d consider friends.Can she solve the mystery of the online poster? And could joining the club eventually lead to romance?(Source: Viki)",8.1,10379,8,"['Jung Da Bin', 'Hwang Min Hyun', 'Noh Jong Hyun', 'Yang Hye Ji', 'Yeonwoo', 'Choi Byung Chan']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"jTBC,  Naver TV Cast,  Viki",Kim Sang Woo,Bang Yoo Jung
348,"Bring It On, Ghost",https://mydramalist.com/18468-bring-it-on-ghost,"Horror,  Comedy,  Romance,  Supernatural","Ghost, Ghost-seeing Male Lead, Strong Female Lead, Exorcism, Strong Male Lead, Interspecies Romance, Nice Male Lead, Badass Female Lead, Adapted From A Webtoon, Sassy Female Lead ","A cohabitation comedy about a ghost of a high school girl who has been dead for 5 years and an exorcist college boy with the ability to see and hear ghosts. What he’s discovered over the years is that he can touch them and fight them off, so when he’s in need of a part-time job and can’t find one that pays well enough, he starts putting ads online as an exorcist for hire. His ad: “Will face off with your ghosts. Chances of winning: virgin ghosts 80%, bachelor ghosts 40%, child ghosts 97%, the rest 50%.” One night he goes out on the job and faces off with a schoolgirl ghost, and during the fight, they accidentally kiss and sparks fly.~~ Adapted from the webtoon “Let's Fight, Ghost” (싸우자귀신아) by Iminsu (임인스).",8.1,36773,16,"['Ok Taec Yeon', 'Kim So Hyun', 'Kwon Yool', 'Kim  Sang Ho', 'David Lee', 'Kang Ki Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Park Joon Hwa,Lee Dae II
349,Fated to Love You,https://mydramalist.com/9558-fated-to-love-you,"Business,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Marriage, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Eccentric Male Lead, Pregnancy, One-night Stand, Nice Female Lead, Contract Relationship, Hardworking Female Lead, Naive Female Lead, Rich Male Lead ","Mi Yeong is a typical office clerk who is rather plain, somewhat awkward and has her good nature taken advantage of by her co-workers on a daily basis. While on vacation, she accidentally spends one night with a stranger who happens to be handsome, charming and rich. And her life will never be the same! This fateful encounter brings a love that transforms this not-so-special girl into an attractive, warm, lovable young lady.(Source: MBC)",8.1,30748,20,"['Jang Hyuk', 'Jang Na Ra', 'Choi Jin Hyuk', 'Wang Ji Won', 'Park Won Sook', 'Choi Dae Chul']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Kim Hee Won,  Lee Dong Yoon","Joo Chan Ok,  Jo Jin Kook"
350,Into the Ring,https://mydramalist.com/55675-the-ballot,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Political","Eccentric Female Lead, Quirky Humour, Strong Female Lead, Hardworking Male Lead, Nice Male Lead, Aggressive Female Lead, Corruption, Sassy Female Lead, Hot-tempered Female Lead, Friends To Lovers ","Seo Gong Myung is an efficient and hard-nosed elite civil servant who can multitask with ease and is titled the ‘Number One Handsome Man’ on the District People's Committee. However, he is a cold, rigid, and independent person who is deemed prickly and unapproachable at the best of times. Seo Gong Myung is guided by his moral convictions, which he staunchly adheres to, opting to do everything ‘by the book’.  His lack of flexibility and his penchant for criticizing all those who enter his domain not only serve to earn him the nickname ‘Great Lucifer’, but more enemies than friends.Goo Se Ra is a lower-class woman with little education or money, but she can still talk a good game and punch well above her own weight.  Known as the ‘Queen of Civil Complaints’, she’s a force to be reckoned with! She’s held many positions in the past, none of which have materialized into a stable source of income. Small wonder the opening of the District People's Council, with an annual salary of 50 million won for a mere 90 working days, could be just the ticket she needs to better her circumstances. The sparks start flying as the newly-demoted Seo Gong Myung and newbie Council member Goo Se Ra join forces to penalize corrupt politicians. (Source: vtoday.vlive.tv; edited by MyDramaList)",8.1,6426,32,"['Nana', 'Park Sung Hoon', 'Yoo Da In', 'Han Joon Woo', 'Ahn Nae Sang', 'Ahn Kil Kang']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Hwang Seung Gi,  Choi Yeon Soo",Moon Hyun Kyung
351,Woman of Dignity,https://mydramalist.com/19160-woman-of-dignity,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Romance,  Drama","Strong Female Lead, Fortune Teller Supporting Character, Protective Female Lead, Female Centered Plot, Married Female Lead, Mistress Female Lead, Fashion Designer Female Lead, Assault, Caregiver Female Lead, Artist Supporting Character ","Ah Jin has it all;  beauty, wealth, influence and the respect of her father-in-law, the CEO of a paper goods company. To be the caregiver for her wheelchair-bound father-in-law, she hires Bok Ja, who seems perfect for the job if a little dowdy. However, Bok Ja quickly shows her true colors, taking over the family fortune after winning over the CEO's heart and now, his family seeks revenge.(Source: Waverlyroot at MyDramaList)",8.1,2185,20,"['Kim Hee Sun', 'Kim Sun Ah', 'Jung Sang Hoon', 'Lee Tae Im', 'Lee Ki Woo', 'Yoo Seo Jin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,Kim Yoon Cheol,Baek Mi Kyung
352,Uncle,https://mydramalist.com/60409-uncle,"Music,  Comedy,  Drama","Uncle-Nephew Relationship, Non-MDL Remake, Widower Male Lead, Musician Male Lead, Child Male Lead, Teacher Female Lead, Single Father Male Lead, Raised By Sister, Brother-Sister Relationship, Mental Illness ","Joon Hyuk was a musician whose life has hit rock bottom after he had been scammed by people he trusted. He had ended his relationship with his older sister Joon Hee because of it. One day, suddenly, he receives a call from Joon Hee asking him to take care of her son, Min Joon.After 12 years of strife, Joon Hee divorced her physically abusive husband, at the same time ridding herself of her equally nasty mother-in-law. Joon Hee moves into an inexpensive apartment, keeping a low profile lest her former family finds her. The Royal State is a luxury apartment complex that has some noteworthy residents. Hye Ryung is the much-respected president of the Mothers’ Committee. Committee member Yoo Ra very much admires her.  Single father Kyung Il is a warm and pleasant man who continues to raise his daughter since the passing of his wife. (Source: AsianWiki)~~ Remake of the British TV series ""Uncle"" [2014].",8.1,1186,16,"['Oh Jung Se', 'Jeon Hye Jin', 'Lee Kyung Hoon', 'Park Sun Young', 'Lee Sang Woo', 'Lee Shi Won']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"TV Chosun,  Viki","Ji Young Soo,  Seong Do Joon",Park Ji Sook
353,The Silent Sea,https://mydramalist.com/53487-the-silent-sea,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Horror,  Sci-Fi","Dystopia, Environmental Issues, Space Mission, Future, Water Shortage, Investigation, Space Travel, Outer Space, Deadly Mission, Drama ","Set in the future, when the planet suffers from a lack of water and food caused by desertification. Yoon Jae is a soldier for the space agency. He is selected for a team, including Ji An, to travel to the moon. A scientist joins the mission to recover mysterious samples from an abandoned lunar space station, where an accident killed everyone including her sister.(Source: AsianWiki; Netflix)",8.1,14930,8,"['Bae Doo Na', 'Gong Yoo', 'Lee Joon', 'Kim Sun Young', 'Lee Moo Saeng', 'Lee Sung Wook']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Netflix,Choi Hang Yong,Park Eun Kyo
354,A Piece of Your Mind,https://mydramalist.com/38491-half-of-half,"Romance,  Life,  Drama,  Melodrama","Healing, Depression, Slow Burn Romance, Artificial Intelligence, Character Development, Tragic Past, Insomnia, Secret Crush, Trauma, Music ","An innovator in the world of artificial intelligence programming, Moon Ha Won has made quite a name for himself in the AI industry. The founder and brain behind the popular portal site, M&H, Ha Won is a man everyone knows. A man devoted to his work, everyone knows he doesn’t take what he does lightly and expects his employees to follow suit, but he’s also known as a kindhearted, rational thinker, who never gets angry and never loses his cool. An ideal man, with a soft heart, Ha Won believes that when it comes to love, having even a small fraction of his love’s heart is enough to sustain him. But that theory is put to the test when Han Seo Woo wanders into his world.A classical music recording engineer, Seo Woo hasn’t had the easiest life. With no family to support her, and no place to call home, Seo Woo has spent the majority of her life wandering and alone. Despite her difficulties, Seo Woo has managed to keep an open and optimistic mindset, believing that all things happen for a reason. Wandering down the path life has laid before her, Seo Woo soon finds herself crossing paths with Ha Won. As the two begin a journey together, they come to find that sometimes two different halves really can make a whole.(Source: Viki)",8.1,11545,12,"['Jung Hae In', 'Chae Soo Bin', 'Lee  Ha Na', 'Kim Sung Gyu', 'Park Ju Hyun', 'Lee Sang Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Lee Sang Yeob,Lee Sook Yun
355,Punch,https://mydramalist.com/11642-punch-2014,"Thriller,  Drama,  Political","Corruption, Terminal Illness, Strong Female Lead, Power Struggle, Morally Ambiguous Male Lead, Prosecutor Female Lead, Prosecutor Male Lead, Divorced Male Lead, Greed, Father-Daughter Relationship ","Park Jung Hwan is the chief of the anti-corruption investigation team for the Supreme Prosecutors' Office. To get to his position, he has made compromises on achieving justice. Jung Hwan then learns that he has a malignant brain tumor and does not have much time to left. To end his life without regrets, he points a gun at corrupt Public Prosecutor General Lee Tae Jun. Jung Hwan’s ex-wife Shin Ha Gyung, who is also a prosecutor, knows about Jung Hwan’s situation and helps him.(Source: AsianWiki)",8.1,1529,19,"['Kim Rae Won', 'Kim Ah Joong', 'Jo Jae Hyun', 'Seo Ji Hye', 'Choi Myung Gil', 'Ohn Joo Wan']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Lee Myung Woo,Park Kyung Soo
356,One the Woman,https://mydramalist.com/683767-wonder-woman,"Mystery,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Imposter, Strong Female Lead, Rich Male Lead, Investigation, Car Accident, Amnesia, Identity Swap, Death, Corruption, First Love ","Yeon Joo is an elite prosecutor who started from the bottom. Although known as the best in corruption investigations for the Supreme Prosecutor’s Office, she suffers amnesia after a car crash when chasing a suspect. As she wakes, she finds herself being Kang Mi Na, the daughter-in-law of the conglomerate Hanju Group. Before her disappearance, Mi Na was a troublemaker born out of wedlock. Now sitting in her position, Yeon Joo is not able to hide her rough and outspoken nature. She then meets Seung Wook, a conglomerate who visits his first love Mi Na to reveal the truth of his father’s death. Will Yeon Joo and Mi Na be able to regain their lost memories in this mystery and succeed in true love?(Source: Viki)",8.1,5610,16,"['Lee Ha Nee', 'Lee Sang Yoon', 'Lee Won Keun', 'Jin Seo Yun', 'Song Won Seok', 'Jeon Gook Hwan']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Choi Young Hoon,Kim Yoon
357,Shopping King Louie,https://mydramalist.com/19012-shopping-king-louis,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","Amnesia, Rich Male Lead, Clingy Male Lead, Hardworking Female Lead, Cohabitation, Poor Female Lead, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Independent Female Lead, Airhead Male Lead, Nice Female Lead ","The romantic comedy series “Shopping King Louie” revolves around a handsome shopaholic named Louis, who is the successor of a vast business empire but becomes homeless after suffering from amnesia. Meanwhile, Go Bok Shil, a country girl who lives a life that is worlds apart from the rich and famous, encounters Louis in Seoul. The improbable romance that unfolds between Louis, who is able to buy everything he wants, and the angelic girl, Go Bok Shil, shows the viewers that the value of true love is priceless and is not something that can be bought.(Source: MBC)",8.1,26913,16,"['Seo In Guk', 'Nam Ji Hyun', 'Yoon Sang Hyun', 'Im Se Mi', 'Uhm Hyo Sub', 'Yoon Yoo Sun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Lee Sang Yeob,Oh Ji Young
358,"Work Later, Drink Now Season 2",https://mydramalist.com/715873-work-later-drink-now-season-2,"Comedy,  Life,  Drama","Sismance, Friendship, Female Centered Plot, Screenwriter Female Lead, YouTuber Female Lead, Confident Female Lead, Drinking, Camping, Boss-Employee Relationship, Adapted From A Webtoon ","The three girls, whose philosophy revolves around having a drink after getting off work, are back! The story of An So Hee, a television scriptwriter, Han Ji Yeon, a yoga instructor, and Kang Ji Goo, a YouTuber who does origami, continues into their thirties. However, An So Hee disappears with her two best friends, and Director Kang, who needs his writer back, embarks on a mission to find her. Where will it lead him, and will he ever find her? (Source: Viu)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Sooldo Girl"" (술꾼도시처녀들) by Mi Kkang (미깡).",8.1,2182,12,"['Lee Sun Bin', 'Han Sun Hwa', 'Jung Eun Ji', 'Choi Si Won', 'Kim Jung Min', 'Yoo In Young']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),TVING,Park Soo Won,Wi So Young
359,Special Affairs Team TEN Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/5648-special-affairs-team-ten-season-2,"Action,  Thriller,  Mystery,  Psychological","Murder, Detective Fiction, Detective Male Lead, Gun Violence, Cold Male Lead, Teamwork, Death, Gore, Sexual Assault, Investigation ","Ji Hoon, who is the leader of Special Affairs Team TEN, has suddenly disappeared. The other members of Team TEN, Do Shik, Ye Ri and Min Ho are confused by the situation, but they soon find a message which explains Ji Hoon's intentions. The members of TEN team chase after the traces of a serial killer known as ""murderer F"". As they get closer to murderer F, they are in for an unexpected shock.",8.1,1544,12,"['Joo Sang Wook', 'Choi  Woo Shik', 'Kim  Sang Ho', 'Jo An', 'Choi Bum Ho', 'Yoon  Ji Hye']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,OCN,Lee Seung Young,Lee Jae Gon
360,Jirisan,https://mydramalist.com/57749-jirisan,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Drama,  Fantasy","Rescue Team, Supernatural Power, Flashback To Past, Teamwork, Strong Female Lead, Suspense, Murder, Nice Male Lead, Nice Female Lead, Investigation ","One of the three hallowed mountains of Korea, Mount Jiri has been attracting visitors to its majestic grounds long before the park surrounding it was created. Founded in 1967, Jirisan National Park is the oldest and largest of the country’s national parks, managed by a dedicated team of rangers who have devoted their lives not only to protecting and preserving the park, but the countless visitors who trek through the extensive grounds every year. Among these rangers is the incomparable Seo Yi Kang. Considered by many to be the best of the best, Yi Kang’s knowledge of the park and skill as a tracker has saved countless lives. At her side stands Kang Hyun Jo, an ex-military lieutenant who decided to become a ranger after experiencing a horrific incident on the mountain. Though he may be only a rookie, his military experience makes him an exceptional ranger and a reliable partner for Yi Kang. Reporting to Jo Dae Jin, the head of the Haedong Branch Office, Yi Kang, Hyung Jo, and the very practical Jung Goo Young, make up an impressive team of rangers who daily risk their lives to save others. But when mysterious rumors start floating around about the mountain’s unexplored regions, the strength of each member of this intrepid crew are put to the test.(Source: Viki)",8.1,7186,16,"['Jun Ji Hyun', 'Joo Ji Hoon', 'Sung Dong Il', 'Oh Jung Se', 'Jo Han Chul', 'Joo Min Kyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"iQiyi,  tvN",Lee Eung Bok,Kim Eun Hee
361,Start-Up,https://mydramalist.com/51909-sandbox,"Business,  Comedy,  Romance,  Youth","Lying, Competition, App Developer, Hardworking Male Lead, Hardworking Female Lead, Artificial Intelligence, Nice Female Lead, Love Triangle, Unrequited Love, Grandma-Granddaughter Relationship ","Set in one of the world’s most advanced tech sector, “Start Up” tells the tale of the razor-thin margins between ultimate success and abject failure. The story takes place in the fictional Sandbox Company,  where the journey of four unique people is told.After a revolving door of unfulfilling retail jobs, Seo Dal Mi is unsatisfied with the current trajectory of her life. Her soul longs for a grand adventure that sees her at the top and managing her own company. Although she does not have much to offer, she has big dreams, red hot ambition, and the soul of a pioneer.A constant source of his family's pride as a child, Nam Do San as an adult is the founder of Sam San Tech, a fledgling start-up company that is looking to transition into bigger endeavors. But a vague dream and limited ambition see his company flounder. Unknown to him, the tailwinds of fate has begun to fill up SST's sails.Han Ji Pyeong, a man who does not want to owe anyone anything, owes a large debt to one special person who helped him greatly in the past. His role in the start-up world sees him as Judge, Jury, and Executioner, as his pragmatic advice sees the futures of start-ups either rise into greatness or fall into obscurity.Tired of doing all the work, but seeing the credit go to someone else, Won In Jae yearns to prove herself in a male-dominated industry, as a capable woman who can succeed without the advantages her privileged childhood has given her.(Source: Kimsamsoom at MyDramaList)",8.1,46054,16,"['Bae Suzy', 'Nam Joo Hyuk', 'Kim Seon Ho', 'Kang Han Na', 'Kim Hae Sook', 'Kim Do Wan']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Netflix,  tvN",Oh Choong Hwan,Park Hye Ryun
362,Falling for Innocence,https://mydramalist.com/12360-falling-for-innocence,"Business,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Eccentric Male Lead, Male Chases Female First, Hardworking Female Lead, Mean Male Lead, Conglomerate, Boss-Employee Relationship, Love Triangle, Anger Management Issues, Heart Transplant, Illness ","Min Ho is a cold-blooded investment banker at Gold Investments. As a cynical, defensive, suspicious sociopath, he wears people down with his tenacity, taking advantage of them using his delusions of grandeur.  Min Ho has a different view of himself. He went through much when he was younger - his father's sudden death left his company open to a hostile takeover by his uncle, leaving him and his mother both destitute.  Min Ho  has a heart attack but miraculously survives after undergoing a heart transplant. Thanks to the new heart, he is no longer the cold and callous person he once was. Gradually he embraces happiness as he falls in love with Kim Soon Jung, who he wants to cherish and protect. But he’s not the only one vying for her attention.  Is Min Ho prepared to fight for what he wants?(Source: JTBC)",8.1,16288,16,"['Jung Kyung Ho', 'Kim So Yeon', 'Yoon Hyun Min', 'Lee Si Eon', 'Jo Eun Ji', 'Gong Hyun Joo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,Ji Young Soo,Yoo Hee Kyung
363,Girls' Generation 1979,https://mydramalist.com/24479-girls-generation-1979,"Mystery,  Romance,  Youth,  Drama","1970s, Sismance, High School, Adapted From A Novel, Adolescence, Coming Of Age, Abusive Parents, Transfer Student Female Lead, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead ","Lee Jung Hee is the second daughter of a family that owns a lingerie factory. She leads a group of teenage girls with whom they have chaotic adventures together. She meets Bae Dong Moon through a group date, and Dong Moon immediately falls for her. However, Jung Hee has a crush on Son Jin, who is a cute-looking senior student at a boys' school and begins to follow him around to draw his attention.Then one day, Park Hye Joo, who is a transfer student from Seoul joins their class and becomes the center of attention, creating jealousy and friction among the heroine and her friends. Despite Jung Hee's attention, Son Jin is attracted to Hye Joo. However, Hye Joo has no romantic feelings for Son Jin as she is interested in Joo Yeong Choon, who is an ex-gangster now turned into a local handyman.It's the story of their growing friendship, as the heroine and the new girl starts to bond despite the initial rivalry. (Source: Wikipedia)",8.1,3303,8,"['Bona', 'Chae Seo Jin', 'Lee  Jong Hyun', 'Seo Young Joo', 'Yeo Hoe Hyun', 'Min Do Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Hong Seok Goo,Yoon Kyung Ah
364,Sassy Go Go,https://mydramalist.com/15449-sassy-go-go,"Romance,  Youth,  Drama,  Sports","Child Abuse, Smart Male Lead, Self-harm, Strong Female Lead, Bromance, Enemies To Lovers, High School, Cheerleading, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Love Triangle ","Set in a highly competitive school that emphasizes achievement and scores above all else, the drama will lay bare the absurdities and hypocrisies of the education system while also featuring the growth stories of the students who struggle to move forward, one step at a time.",8.1,27620,12,"['Jung Eun Ji', 'Lee Won Keun', 'Chae Soo Bin', 'Kim Ji Soo', 'Cha Hak Yeon', 'Kim Ji Suk']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Lee Eun Jin,  Kim Jung Hyun","Jung Chan Mi,  Yoon Soo Jung"
365,Chimera,https://mydramalist.com/34042-chemistry,"Thriller,  Mystery","Investigation, Suspense, Death, Murder, Doctor Male Lead, Detective Male Lead, Smart Female Lead, Bromance, Police Department Setting, Neurosurgeon Male Lead ","In 1984, a potential serial killer struck again as a ghastly explosion shook the city. Now it’s 2019, and copies of those crimes come to light. Follow the team of Detective Jae Hwan, Profiler Yoo Jin, and Surgeon Dr. Joong Yeob assigned to solve both the cold and current cases. Their prime suspect goes by ‘Chimera’, after the beast in Greek mythology.  It had the head of a lion, the body of a goat, and the tail of a fire-breathing serpent.  To capture the criminal, they must first uncover the secrets that link the two cases some thirty-five years apart. Could the clue lie in the tale of the mythical monster? (Source: CJENM.com; Soompi; edited by Lee C)",8.1,2254,16,"['Park Hae Soo', 'Kim Su Hyun', 'Lee Hee Joon', 'Cha Joo Young', 'Nam Ki Ae', 'Heo Jun Seok']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,OCN,Kim Do Hoon,Lee Jin Mae
366,Why Her?,https://mydramalist.com/683171-why-oh-soo-jae,"Mystery,  Law,  Romance,  Melodrama","Older Woman/Younger Man, Student-Teacher Relationship, Badass Female Lead, Tragic Past, Age Gap [Drama Life], Strong Female Lead, Bad-tempered Female Lead, Cold Female Lead, Mean Female Lead, Wrongfully Accused ","The youngest partner at one of the nation’s most prestigious law offices, Oh Soo Jae has already proven she has what it takes to be one of the country’s best lawyers. Driven by her self-righteous principles and a never-ending desire to win, Soo Jae is well on her way to becoming one of TK Law Firm’s top attorneys. But when one of her cases takes an unexpected turn, Soo Jae is forced to watch as all of her hard work comes crumbling down around her. Demoted at work, Soo Jae is forced to take on the role of adjunct professor at a local law school. Determined to win back her position within the firm, Soo Jae does her best to settle into her new role but the sting of demotion still lingers. Only after meeting Gong Chan, a university student whose path frequently crosses with Soo Jae, does that sting begin to lessen. Despite carrying the burdens of a painful past, Gong Chan’s warm heart remains strong, especially as his affection for Soo Jae grows.Obviously smitten with Soo Jae, Gong Chan stays by her side, even as she struggles to find a way back into the firm’s good graces. Will her determination and Gong Chan’s support be enough to restore her position, or will the powers that be continue to push her down?(Source: Viki)",8.1,10306,16,"['Seo Hyun Jin', 'Hwang In Youp', 'Heo Joon Ho', 'Bae In Hyuk', 'Ji Seung Hyun', 'Lee Joo Woo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"SBS,  Viki,  ViuTV",Park Soo Jin,Kim Ji Eun
367,Eulachacha Waikiki Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/29322-eulachacha-waikiki-2,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","Multiple Mains, Bromance, First Love, Slow Burn Romance, Misunderstanding, Poor Female Lead, Hardworking Male Lead, Hardworking Female Lead, Naive Female Lead, Calm Female Lead ","Lee Joon Ki is an unpopular actor who runs the Waikiki guesthouse. However, business is bad, and the guesthouse is facing bankruptcy. In order to revive the guesthouse, Lee Joon Ki asks his friends Cha Woo Shik and Kook Ki Bong to invest their savings in it.Cha Woo Shik is a picky person who dreams of becoming a singer.  Kook Ki Bong used to be a promising baseball player but instead is now stuck playing in the minor leagues. After Lee Joon Ki's request, they all put their money into Waikiki Guesthouse and start living there together.(Source: MyDramaList)",8.1,10584,16,"['Kim Seon Ho', 'Lee Yi Kyung', 'Shin Hyun Soo', 'Mun Ka Young', 'Ahn So Hee', 'Kim Ye Won']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"jTBC,  Viki",Lee Chang Min,Kim Ki Ho
368,The King,https://mydramalist.com/35039-the-king-the-eternal-monarch,"Mystery,  Romance,  Drama,  Sci-Fi","Parallel Universe, Doppelganger, Royal Family, Male Lead Saves Female Lead, Royalty, Male Chases Female First, Murder, Evil Uncle, Monarchy, Treason ","Lee Gon is the third Korean emperor of his generation. His citizens regard him as the perfect leader. But behind this flawless appearance, hides a deep wound. When he was eight years old, his father was murdered before his eyes following a coup. Today, instead of respecting his filial duty, he prefers to escape the palace to attend university conferences. During one of his escapades, he sees himself propelled into a parallel world where he meets Jeong Tae Eul, an inspector with whom he teams up with to defeat the criminals but also close the door between their two worlds.(Source: Yumiko777.eklablog)",8.1,46958,16,"['Lee Min Ho', 'Kim Go Eun', 'Woo Do Hwan', 'Lee Jung Jin', 'Kim Kyung Nam', 'Jung Eun Chae']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Netflix,  SBS","Baek Sang Hoon,  Yoo Je Won,  Jung Ji Hyun",Kim Eun Sook
369,Idol,https://mydramalist.com/695625-idol,"Music,  Youth,  Drama","Music Industry, Sismance, K-Pop, Friendship, Female Centered Plot, Idol Female Lead, Age Gap [Drama Life], Age Gap [Real Life], Chasing A Dream, Entertainment Industry ","A story about a failed idol group's last journey and their desperate attempts to prevent disbandment. Cotton Candy only needs a one time hit to save their group, but it's not as easy as it sounds. Everything is going wrong for Cotton Candy, but the members can't let go of their friendship and dreams.(Source: Soompi, AsianWiki, MyDramaList)",8.1,2772,12,"['Ahn Hee Yeon', 'Ahn Sol Bin', 'Han So Eun', 'EXY', 'I.L', 'Kwak Shi Yang']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"iQiyi,  jTBC",Noh Jong Chan,Jung Yoon Jung
370,Can You Hear My Heart,https://mydramalist.com/1369-can-you-hear-my-heart,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Deafness, Disability, Love Triangle, Hidden Identity, Trauma, Deaf Male Lead, Revenge, Bromance, Tragic Past, Stepfather-Stepdaughter Relationship ","Family relationships can be complicated and tortured. Bong Woo Ri is a loving, dutiful daughter who does her best to accommodate the needs of her deaf mother and mentally challenged stepfather. After a tragedy that takes the life of her mother, Woo Ri’s step-brother, Bong Ma Roo, leaves after promising to come back but never does. As Woo Ri grows up and searches for her stepbrother, she meets Cha Dong Joo, a young man from a wealthy family who is tortured by family secrets that he witnessed as a boy. Although Dong Joo lost his hearing in a childhood accident, he has learned to compensate for his disability so that he can keep his deafness a secret from those around him. Dong Joo and Woo Ri learn that they are connected by Ma Roo, who has taken on a new identity as Jang Joon Ha. How will the three reconcile their unexpected connection?",8.1,7256,30,"['Kim Jae Won', 'Namkoong Min', 'Hwang Jung Eum', 'Jeong Bo Seok', 'Lee Hye Young', 'Youn Yuh Jung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Kim Sang Ho,Moon Hee Jung
371,Bo Ra! Deborah,https://mydramalist.com/725573-i-m-serious-about-dating,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Melodrama","Heartbreak, Love/Hate Relationship, Nice Male Lead, Best Friends' Relationship, Multiple Couples, Famous Lead/Common Lead, Enemies To Lovers, Writer Female Lead, Inner Monologue, Jealousy ","The series follows the romantic journey of Yeon Bo Ra, a celebrated love coach and successful author of romance novels, and Lee Soo Hyuk, a charming man who grapples with matters of the heart.As a discerning publishing planner, Soo Hyuk is not easily impressed and initially has a negative impression of Bo Ra. However, their lives become entangled unexpectedly, and he becomes increasingly drawn to her.Meanwhile, Han Sang Jin, Soo Hyuk's friend and business associate, heads the Jinri book publishing company.(Source:  CK Warrior at MyDramaList)",8.1,8705,14,"['Yoo In Na', 'Yoon Hyun Min', 'Joo Sang Wook', 'Hwang Chan Sung', 'Park So Jin', 'June']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"ENA,  TVING","Seo Min Jung,  Lee Tae Gon",Ah Kyung
372,Growing Season,https://mydramalist.com/681847-growing,"Romance,  Life,  Youth,  Drama","Sismance, Mild Sexual Content, Campus Setting, Multiple Mains, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Young Adult Female Lead, Young Adult Male Lead, University ","A realistic portrayal of college students through a phase of 'wanting to grow passionately, and wanting to do well.'(Source: Naver)",8.1,2820,12,"['Han Soo A', 'Park Ji Won', 'Kim Chae Eun', 'Kim Kang Min', 'Choi Yoon Je', 'Kang Yoo Seok']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Yoo Hee Woon,Kim Hee Won
373,Island,https://mydramalist.com/51327-island,"Action,  Thriller,  Horror,  Fantasy","Exorcism, Demon/Monster Hunting, Immortal, Rich Female Lead, Demon Hunter Male Lead, Supernatural, Island Setting, Male Lead Saves Female Lead, Reincarnation, Dark Fiction ","Won Mi Ho is the only daughter of her father who runs Daehan Group. Her arrogant and selfish attitude causes her to make a big mistake that eventually angers her father into banishing her to Jeju island. There, she is assigned to work as a high school ethics teacher. Unbeknownst to her, the island is where evil roams free. She meets other individuals on the island and together, the characters join forces to live. (Source: AsianWiki; edited by ENKII)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Island"" (아일랜드) written by Yoon In Wan (윤인완) and illustrated by Yang Kyung Il (양경일).",8.1,11853,6,"['Kim Nam Gil', 'Lee Da Hee', 'Cha Eun Woo', 'Sung Joon', 'Go Doo Shim', 'Park Geun Hyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Amazon Prime,  TVING",Bae Jong,"Jang Yoon Mi,  Oh Bo Hyun"
374,The Eighth Sense,https://mydramalist.com/721085-the-eighth-sense,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Gay Romance, LGBTQ+, Gay Male Lead, University, Bisexual Male Lead, Trauma, Young Adult Male Lead, Surfing, Student Male Lead, Senior-Junior Relationship ","Ji Hyun, a new student from a peaceful rural town, struggles to adjust to the bustling city life of Seoul. While at university, he meets Jae Won, who has just completed military service. As they share a love of surfing, they begin to develop feelings for each other. During a surfing trip, they share a kiss, but Jae Won acts as if nothing happened, leaving Ji Hyun confused about their connection.(Source: CK Warrior at MyDramaList)",8.1,13712,10,"['Im Ji Sub', 'Oh Jun Taek', 'Lee Mi Ra', 'Park Hae In', 'Jang Young Joon', 'Seo Ji An']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,"Werner du Plessis,  Inu Baek",Unknown
375,Suits,https://mydramalist.com/25541-suits,"Action,  Business,  Law,  Drama","Bromance, Slight Romance, Hidden Identity, Poor Male Lead, Nice Male Lead, Mnemonist Male Lead, Non-MDL Remake, Workplace Setting, Office Worker Male Lead, Attorney Male Lead ","Hotshot lawyer Choi Kang Seok is known as the most talented closer at the prestigious Kang & Ham Law Firm. Go Yeon Woo has a photographic memory and a high IQ. Having dreamed of becoming a lawyer since losing his parents as a young boy, he studied for and aced the bar under a false name but never found a way to pay for law school. Due to his poor background, he works odd jobs to make a living and attempts to keep up with his grandmother's hospital bills.When Attorney Choi is promoted to senior partner, he's told it's time for him to hire a junior, which he's never wanted to do. But in a chance meeting, he interviews Go Yeon Woo, who's merely hiding from the police by posing as an applicant from a top law school. Choi Kang Seok learns the truth but is so impressed with his extraordinary brilliance and personality he decides to temporarily hire him in spite having no legitimate license to practice law. Choi Kang Seok's reckless gamble could place his own career in jeopardy, but he quickly grows attached to the young man, who continuously shows his mettle and creativity case by case.(Source: MyDramaList)~~ Remake of the American TV series ""Suits"" [2011].",8.1,6760,16,"['Jang Dong Gun', 'Park Hyung Sik', 'Jin Hee Kyung', 'Chae Jung An', 'Go Sung Hee', 'Choi Gwi Hwa']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Kim Jin Woo,  Kwon Young Il",Kim Jung Min
376,The Good Detective Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/696953-the-good-detective-2,"Action,  Thriller,  Mystery,  Drama","Investigation, Detective, Multiple Mains, Smart Male Lead, Bromance, Crime, Friendship, Suspense ","Kang Do Chang and Oh Ji Hyuk are detectives in the South Korean port city of Incheon. But they are polar opposites: While the former is a grizzled veteran of almost two decades who uses his experience and personal connections to crack cases, Oh Ji Hyuk is his foil. Instead, he is cool, calculating, and prefers to delve into criminals’ minds to look for clues. The duo has formed an unlikely partnership, but they will need to pool all of their skills if they are to crack their toughest case yet.Troubles begin when they investigate a savage beating at a seedy underground club – as well as a serial killer who seems to have a fondness for preying on young women dressed in white. The mystery leads them to the TJ Group – a powerful family-run conglomerate. The family that runs the group appears to be at war with itself. And amid all the chaos, a number of key players emerge, including Cheon Na Na and the TJ legal chief Woo Tae Ho. (Source: Viki)",8.1,1891,16,"['Son Hyun Joo', 'Jang Seung Jo', 'Kim Hyo Jin', 'Jung Moon Sung', 'Cha Rae Hyung', 'Jung Soon Won']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"ENA,  jTBC",Jo Nam Gook,Choi Jin Won
377,On the Verge of Insanity,https://mydramalist.com/67305-not-crazy,"Comedy,  Life,  Drama","Career Oriented Female Lead, Hardworking Male Lead, Successful Female Lead, Hardworking Female Lead, Strong Female Lead, Calm Male Lead, Strict Boss, Engineer Male Lead, Strict Female Lead, Business ","Veteran Engineer Choi Ban Seok is a developer with the consumer electronics division of Hanmyung Electronics. He is a calm, warm-hearted man with a good sense of humor who is now facing the biggest crisis of his 22-year career. To avoid being included in a round of dismissals, he transfers to the Personnel Department. Despite being unfamiliar with its function, he decides that it is better to endure being there than be without a job. Dang Ja Young, the recently promoted Head of the Personnel Department, is a workaholic who wants to become the company’s first female executive. When Ban Seok first transfers to her department, she doesn’t quite know what to make of him. But, once working together, she finds her life slowly changing.(Source: Asianwiki, MyDramaList)",8.1,805,16,"['Moon So Ri', 'Jung Jae Young', 'Lee Sang Yeob', 'Kim Ga Eun', 'Kim Nam Hee', 'Ahn Nae Sang']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Choi Jung In,Jung Do Yoon
378,38 Task Force,https://mydramalist.com/16393-38-task-force,"Mystery,  Comedy,  Crime,  Drama","Smart Male Lead, Scheme, Corruption, Teamwork, Fraud, Bromance, Social Satire, Social Commentary, Money-Obsession, Nice Male Lead ","A special task force will mix cops and criminals in order to catch bad guys, but this time the good-bad guys will be con artists who use their skills of fraud and deception in order to help catch tax evaders.While the working class faithfully pays its taxes, the wealthiest elite uses elaborate schemes to get out of paying their fair share of taxes. Righteous Baek Sung Il is a civil service employee who works as the Division 3 Chief at the National Tax Service who becomes fed up with the wealthiest citizens circumventing Article 38, which governs tax payments. Under pressure from his bosses to increase his division’s delinquent tax collections, Sung Il tries to go after the largest tax evader in the country, Ma Jin Seok, a shady Gangnam businessman who owes the country an estimated $50 million in back taxes. But when Sung Il and his faithful subordinate Chun Sung Hee are humiliated by Jin Seok and faced with possible disciplinary action, Sung Il realizes that he needs help going after the corrupt businessman. He accepts the help of professional scammer Yang Jung Do to beat Jin Seok at his own game.",8.1,6799,16,"['Ma Dong Seok', 'Seo In Guk', 'Choi Soo Young', 'Song Ok Sook', 'Heo Jae Ho', 'Go Gyu Pil']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,OCN,Han Dong Hwa,Han Jung Hoon
379,Never Twice,https://mydramalist.com/38061-no-second-chance,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Family","Bright Female Lead, Multiple Couples, Rich Male Lead, Multiple Mains, Married Life, Camping Trip, Past Failure, Rich Family, Love/Hate Relationship, Power Struggle ","The series follows the story of the long-term guests at Paradise Inn, located in the heart of Seoul.From the first room to the sixth room, all the guests are different in age, gender, and even where they grew up.Bok Mak Rye is the owner of Paradise Inn. Gam Poong Ki stays in room 5 at the Paradise Inn. He has an attractive appearance and a good sense of humor. Bang Eun Ji stays in room 6. She is single and a beautiful appearance. She is honest and has a warm heart. Geum Bak Ha stays in room 4. She came from a small village by the sea. She has a bright personality. Meanwhile, Na Hae Joon is the successor of the Koosung Hotel, a five-star hotel. He is the grandson of the hotel's chairman. Koosung Hotel is located across the street from the Paradise Inn.(Source: AsianWiki)",8.1,2523,72,"['Kwak Dong Yeon', 'Park Se Wan', 'Ye Ji Won', 'Youn Yuh Jung', 'Oh Ji Ho', 'Song Won Seok']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Choi Won Seok,  Park Sang Woo",Goo Hyun Sook
380,To My Star,https://mydramalist.com/680749-to-my-star,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth","Miniseries, LGBTQ+, Reserved Male Lead, Cohabitation, Rich Male Lead, Web Series, Famous Lead/Common Lead, Gay Romance, Scandal, Gay Male Lead ","Actor Kang Seo Joon was once one of South Korea’s biggest and most popular stars, but his career is now in decline. Despite his fall in popularity, he believes he has had a change of fortune when he meets and falls for a dashing young chef named Han Ji Woo.Despite having wildly different personalities, the two enter a relationship. However, their love comes under threat when the more conservative Han Ji Woo and the free-spirited Kang Seo Joon realize that their outlooks on life, love and everything else appear irrevocably different.(Source: Viki, MyDramaList)",8.1,26829,9,"['Son Woo Hyun', 'Kim Kang Min', 'Ko Jae Hyun', 'Jeon Jae Yeong', 'Kim Jin Kwon', 'Han Ji Won']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Viki,Hwang Da Seul,Park Young
381,Money Flower,https://mydramalist.com/24767-money-flower,"Business,  Law,  Romance,  Melodrama","Revenge, Hidden Identity, Smart Male Lead, Tragic Past, Calm Male Lead, Corruption, Badass Male Lead, Secret Child, Competition, Antihero Male Lead ","Managing director Kang Pil Joo is envied by many inside the Chungah Group where he is known for his intelligence and high-performance. He keeps his real identity a secret from the Chungah Group founding family and serves them as an obedient servant but he is actually grooming them for his scheme. His plan was to make Mo Hyun fall in love with Jang Bu Cheon for his revenge, but he finds himself falling desperately in love with her free-spirited personality. The “Money Flower” portrays a story of interlinked relationships between Pil Joo who is capable of bringing down Chungah, Mo Hyun who seeks love and a young Chungah Group scion named Bu Cheon. And these characters all come to the fore as money dictates their lives in a web of desire, greed, and love.(Source: MBC)",8.1,3485,24,"['Jang Hyuk', 'Park Se Young', 'Jang Seung Jo', 'Lee Mi Sook', 'Lee Soon Jae', 'Han So Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Kim Hee Won,Lee Myung Hee
382,Our Blooming Youth,https://mydramalist.com/694395-sleep-memo,"Historical,  Mystery,  Romance,  Drama","Prince Male Lead, Wrongfully Accused, Investigation, Strong Female Lead, Cross-Dressing, Slow Burn Romance, Star Crossed Lovers, Slight Comedy, Slow Burn Story, Bantering Relationship ","Min Jae Yi, a gentle and poised daughter of a prominent family, is engaged to the son of a powerful State Councillor. Devoting herself to learning everything she needs to know to become a good wife and mother, Jae Yi dutifully prepares for the future. Sadly, destiny has other plans for her future.Just days before her wedding, tragedy strikes when her family is brutally murdered, and Jae Yi is falsely accused of the crime. Amidst the turmoil, she crosses paths with the cursed crown prince, Lee Hwan, who agrees to help her in exchange for her assistance in breaking his curse. As they navigate their challenges together, Jae Yi and Lee Hwan begin to develop unexpected feelings for each other. But their love faces countless obstacles, including their pasts, their uncertain futures, and the threat of the curse. Can they overcome these challenges and find a way to be together? (Source: CK Warrior at MyDramaList)~~ Adapted from the novel ""The Golden Hairpin"" (簪中录) by Ce Ce Qing Han (侧侧轻寒).",8.1,5416,20,"['Park Hyung Sik', 'Jeon So Nee', 'Pyo Ye Jin', 'Yoon Jong Seok', 'Lee Tae Sun', 'Heo Won Seo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"TVING,  tvN",Lee Jong Jae,Jung Hyun Jung
383,Blueming,https://mydramalist.com/702681-blueming,"Romance,  Youth,  Drama","LGBTQ+, Insecure Male Lead, Short Length Series, Gay Male Lead, Divorced Parents, Web Series, Body Shaming, Popular Male Lead, Brother-Sister Relationship, Gay Romance ","Since childhood, Cha Si Won has realised that only people with good looks will grow to be popular, and he has made it a personal goal to achieve popularity by maintaining a strict personal regime and adopting a pleasant personality. As he starts his first year in college, Cha Si Won is confident that he will be one of the most popular people on campus. That is, until he meets another guy called Hyeong Da Un, who appears to also have perfect looks, gets straight A’s, comes from a rich family, and even has a great personality. Cha Si Won's confidence in himself is shaken as he finds himself crossing paths with Hyeong Da Un time and time again. College life no longer appears as easy as it seems.(Source: MyDramaList)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Who Can Define Popularity?"" (인기는 무언가 잘못되었다?) by Tak Bon (拓本).",8.1,18309,11,"['Jo Hyuk Joon', 'Kang Eun Bin', 'Moon Hye In', 'Kim Sun Hwa', 'Jang Yoon Jung', 'Kim So Bin']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,iQiyi,Hwang Da Seul,Park Young
384,Remarriage and Desires,https://mydramalist.com/699695-the-bride-of-black,"Mystery,  Drama,  Melodrama","Infidelity, Revenge, Marriage, Professor Female Lead, Company President (CEO) Male Lead, Single Mother Female Lead, Murder Disguised As Suicide, Divorced Male Lead, Divorced Female Lead, Remarriage ","Through an exclusive matchmaking agency, women strive to marry a desirable bachelor and into the highest echelon of society.(Source: Netflix)",8.1,7594,8,"['Kim Hee Sun', 'Lee Hyun Wook', 'Jung Eugene', 'Park Hoon', 'Cha Ji Yeon', 'Kim So Ra']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Netflix,Kim Jung Min,Lee Geun Young
385,Warrior Baek Dong Soo,https://mydramalist.com/2196-warrior-baek-dong-soo,"Action,  Historical,  Romance,  Martial Arts","Sword-fight, Skilled Killer, Bromance, Joseon Dynasty, Prince Sado, Martial Arts School, Frenemy, Adapted From A Manhwa, Rivalry, Friends To Enemies ","Set in the Joseon Dynasty during King Jeong Jo's reign, this martial-arts fusion sageuk is centered around the events involving Crown Prince Sa Do's conspiracy. Warrior Baek Dong Soo was a real-life legend who created a martial arts guide in Joseon. His group that defends King Jeong Jo is pitted against a mysterious organization of assassins who plot to kill the King.",8.1,4781,29,"['Ji Chang Wook', 'Yoo Seung Ho', 'Yoon So Yi', 'Shin Hyun Bin', 'Yeo Jin Goo', 'Park Gun Woo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Kim Hong Seon,  Lee Hyun Jik",Kwon Soon Gyu
386,Love Playlist Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/24373-love-playlist-season-2,"Romance,  Life,  Youth,  Drama","Multiple Mains, Multiple Couples, Web Series, Older Man/Younger Woman, Older Woman/Younger Man, Unrequited Love, Male Chases Female First, Nice Female Lead, Hardworking Female Lead, Secret Crush ","Seven university students learn the hard way that romance and relationships aren't always easy. Being in love is tough, but friends can get through anything together.",8.1,3086,12,"['Kim Hyung Suk', 'Choi Hui Seung', 'Min Hyo Won', 'Lee Yoo Jin', 'Im Hwi Jin', 'Jung Shin Hye']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Unknown,Lee Seul
387,God's Quiz Season 4,https://mydramalist.com/8883-gods-quiz-season-4,"Mystery,  Drama,  Medical","Forensic Medical Examiner Male Lead, Detective Female Lead, Investigation, Doctor Male Lead, Genius Male Lead, Neurosurgeon Male Lead, Detective Fiction, Competent Male Lead, Forensic Science, Attempted Assault ",Elite doctors chase a mysterious death and attempt to solve the mystery related to rare diseases.(Source: DramaWiki),8.1,1411,12,"['Ryu Deok Hwan', 'Yoon Joo Hee', 'Lee Dong Hae', 'Song  Ha Yoon', 'Kim Jae Kyung', 'Park Joon Myun']",Not Yet Rated,OCN,Lee Min Woo,Park Jae Bum
388,The Killer's Shopping List,https://mydramalist.com/704911-the-shopping-list-of-a-killer,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Comedy","Smart Male Lead, Investigation, Suspense, Police Officer Female Lead, Miniseries, Death, Child Abuse, Murder, Adapted From A Novel, Investigator Female Lead ","Despite having an excellent memory, Ahn Dae Sung has yet to pass his civil service examination. Studying to become a ninth grade public official, Dae Sung has taken the exam three years in a row and failed every single time. Even so, his determination remains strong and with the never ending support of his mother, Myung Sook and his girlfriend, Ah Hee, Dae Sung is convinced that the next time he takes this exam, he won’t fail.Working part-time at the convenience store his mother owns on the outskirts of Seoul, Dae Sung’s life takes an unexpected turn when a murder takes place at an apartment building nearby. As a police officer, Ah Hee feels it’s her duty to solve this case and thus begins an investigation of the murder on her own. Despite not being an official detective, she soon makes a shocking discovery. Finding a receipt from Myung Sook’s store at the scene of the crime, Ah Hee pulls Dae Sung and his mother into the investigation.With no other clues to go on, Ah Hee, Dae Sung, and Myung Sook are determined to find a way to crack this case. But how can a team of rookies catch a murderer when the pros on the job have yet to find a single clue?(Source: Viki)~~ Adapted from the novel ""The Killer's Shopping List"" (살인자의 쇼핑목록) by Kang Ji Young (강지영).",8.1,3424,8,"['Lee Kwang Soo', 'Kim Seol Hyun', 'Jin Hee Kyung', 'Shin Sung Woo', 'Lee Kyo Yeob', 'Park Ji Bin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Lee Eon Hee,Han Ji Wan
389,Link,https://mydramalist.com/80001-link,"Mystery,  Romance,  Drama,  Fantasy","Missing Person, Investigation, Chef Male Lead, Neighbors' Relationship, Mother-Daughter Relationship, Slow Burn Story, Stalker Supporting Character, Stalking, Restaurateur Male Lead, Melodrama ","A fantasy mystery drama about a man and woman who share the same emotional state.Eun Gye Hoon is a chef who sets up a restaurant in the town where his twin sister went missing 20 years ago. He finds himself randomly experiencing emotions one day, spontaneously crying and laughing, and it turns out that they are the emotions of a woman named Noh Da Hyun.(Sources: HanCinema, Soompi)",8.1,12045,16,"['Yeo Jin Goo', 'Mun Ka Young', 'Kim Ji Young', 'Ye Soo Jung', 'Song Deok Ho', 'Lee Bom So Ri']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Hong Jong Chan,"Kwon Ki Young,  Kwon Do Hwan"
390,Sing My Crush,https://mydramalist.com/714707-follow-the-wind,"Music,  Comedy,  Romance,  Youth","LGBTQ+, Band, High School To Working Life, Fall/Autumn Setting, Childhood Friends' Relationship, Housemates' Relationship, Waiter Male Lead, Musician Male Lead, Singer Male Lead, Talent Manager Male Lead ","Follow the story of acquaintances Ba Ram and Han Tae after an incident occurred during their school years. Now that they are adults, will Ba Ram be able to suppress the feelings for Han Tae that he has harbored for so long?(Source: BLUPDATE2022 Twitter)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Ttarabaram"" (따라바람) by Geom Dung (검둥).",8.1,2908,8,"['Jang Do Yoon', 'Son Hyun Woo', 'Bang Yoo In', 'Koo Ja Keon', 'Kwak Tae Hyeok']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,So Joon Moon,Unknown
391,Catch the Ghost,https://mydramalist.com/33538-catch-yoo-ryung,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Comedy,  Romance","Impulsive Female Lead, Teamwork, Nice Male Lead, Strong Female Lead, Strong Male Lead, Smart Female Lead, Character Development, Love/Hate Relationship, Autism, Boss-Employee Relationship ","""Catch the Ghost” is a romantic investigative drama about a woman named Yoo Ryung who solves cases with her overflowing sense of justice and exceptional spatial perception but always gets herself into trouble because of her rash actions. She meets the Wangsimni station constabulary chief, a man who avoids cases and seeks stability. However, he always ends up cleaning up after the problems caused by Yoo Ryung and holds the key to solving the cases.(Source: Soompi)",8.1,7376,16,"['Moon Geun Young', 'Kim Seon Ho', 'Jung Eugene', 'Ki Do Hoon', 'Jo Jae Yoon', 'Ahn Seung Gyun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Shin Yoon Sub,"So Won,  Lee Young Joo"
392,Chocolate,https://mydramalist.com/32879-chocolate,"Romance,  Life,  Medical,  Melodrama","Hospice Care, Cooking, Healing, Slow Burn Romance, Tragic Past, Trauma, First Love, Nice Male Lead, Death, Compassionate Female Lead ","The story of a man who became a neurosurgeon though he dreamed of becoming a cook, and a woman who became a cook because of him.Lee Kang is a neurosurgeon, who once dreamed of becoming a chef. As a child, Moon Cha Young once met Lee Kang at a small restaurant in the seaside town. There, Lee Kang cooked and gave her a meal, which in part inspired her to become a world-famous chef. Many years later, the two meet again at a hospice ward and together they heal their own emotional scars by preparing meals for the patients there.(Source: KoreanDrama.org)",8.1,11308,16,"['Yoon Kye Sang', 'Ha Ji Won', 'Jang Seung Jo', 'Min Jin Woong', 'Kang Boo Ja', 'Lee Jae Ryong']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"jTBC,  Netflix",Lee Hyung Min,Lee Kyung Hee
393,Mask,https://mydramalist.com/13388-mask,"Thriller,  Psychological,  Romance,  Melodrama","Identity Swap, Hidden Identity, Trauma, Cohabitation, Slow Burn Romance, Gaslighting, Faked Death, Doppelganger, Cold Man/Warm Woman, Weak Male Lead ","Byun Ji Sook has always had a hard life with her father constantly going into debt and being chased by loan sharks. She desperately wants to know what life is like if she was born into a better family and didn’t have to worry about money all the time.When a series of circumstances brings Ji Sook to Eun Ha, a woman from a wealthy family who strongly resembles Ji Sook, she grabs hold of the chance for a better life and assumes Eun Ha’s identity and begins to live her elite life. She meets Min Woo, a chaebol heir who is mistrusting of the people around him. But when he realizes that Ji Sook is not like the other women he has met, he is drawn to her. How long can Ji Sook keep up the charade and hide her true identity?(Source: Amazon)",8.1,11556,20,"['Park Soo Ae', 'Joo Ji Hoon', 'Yoo In Young', 'Yeon Jung Hoon', 'Park Joon Geum', 'Lee Ho Won']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Boo Sung Chul,Choi Ho Chul
394,Uncontrollably Fond,https://mydramalist.com/15320-uncontrollably-fond,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Tearjerker, Terminal Illness, Star Crossed Lovers, Poor Female Lead, Male Chases Female First, Second Chance, Pre-produced, Rich Male Lead, Winter Setting, Snowy Setting ","People change but can the heart adapt? Sin Joon Young and No Eul were in love in their younger days. But uncontrollable circumstances separated them, and they went their separate ways. Joon Young is now a superstar actor and singer, while No Eul has become a producer-director of documentaries. When their paths cross again years later, Joon Young discovers that No Eul is now a very different person than he remembered — materialistic and willing to do anything to get ahead. Is there any hope for Joon Young and No Eul to rekindle their past relationship?(Source: Viki)",8.1,32176,20,"['Kim Woo Bin', 'Bae Suzy', 'Im Joo Hwan', 'Im Ju Eun', 'Yoo Oh Sung', 'Jin Kyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Park Hyun Suk,  Cha Young Hoon",Lee Kyung Hee
395,Familiar Wife,https://mydramalist.com/27759-wife-that-i-know,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Fantasy","Time Travel, Second Chance Romance, Failing Marriage, Mother-Daughter Relationship, Brother-Sister Relationship, Female Chases Male First, First Love, Love Triangle, Flashback To Past, Love At First Sight ","Cha Joo Hyuk works at a bank and has been married to Seo Woo Jin for five years. When a strange incident happens one day, Joo Hyuk makes a decision that impacts his life and those around him in unexpected ways. Suddenly, the life he had with Woo Jin and his best friend, Yoon Joong Hoo, is gone, and he is leading a very different life.How will his first love, Lee Hee Won, factor into his new life? And will it be possible to get his old life back?(Source: Viki)",8.1,10915,16,"['Ji Sung', 'Han Ji Min', 'Kang Han Na', 'Jang Seung Jo', 'Cha Hak Yeon', 'Son Jong Hak']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Lee Sang Yeob,Yang Hee Seung
396,Love Revolution,https://mydramalist.com/60335-love-revolution,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Adapted From A Webtoon, Nice Male Lead, High School, Clingy Male Lead, Male Chases Female First, Warm Man/Cold Woman, Multiple Couples, Love At First Sight, Cheerful Male Lead, Opposites Attract ","Gong Ju Young is a 17-year-old high school student who thinks he has found love at school when he falls for Wang Ja Rim at first sight. But winning her heart won’t be easy. Wang Ja Rim has earned a reputation for being cold and aloof – and, at first, seems totally unimpressed by Gong Ju Young’s garish displays of affection. But Gong Ju Young won’t be deterred so easily. Persistence is the key, he thinks—and, over time, Wang Ja Rim starts to open up to her classmate. Gong Ju Young’s best buddy since elementary school is Lee Kyung Woo. Will he prove to be a help to Gong Ju Young in his quest for Wang Ja Rim’s heart—or a hindrance? And could Wang Ja Rim’s closest friends, including the popular Oh Ah Ram, also play a role in bringing the duo together?(Source: Viki)~~Adapted from the webtoon ""Love Revolution"" (연애혁명) by Lee Yong Ka (232).",8.1,6887,30,"['Park Ji Hoon', 'Lee Ruby', 'Kim Young Hoon', 'Jung Da Eun', 'Im Da Young', 'Ko Chan Bin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Daum Kakao TV,  Viki",Seo Joo Wan,Kwak Kyung Yoon
397,Café Minamdang,https://mydramalist.com/702353-minamdang-case-note,"Mystery,  Comedy,  Romance","Shamanism, Eccentric Female Lead, Investigation, Fraud, Police Inspector Female Lead, Swindler Male Lead, Detective Supporting Character, Age Gap [Drama Life], Investigator Male Lead, Righteous Female Lead ","Nam Han Joon is a former criminal profiler now working as a conman. To run his scams, he disguises himself as a fortune teller with his shop called Minamdang. Clients are drawn to his attractive appearance and smooth-talking manner.  While he cheats his customers out money, he works to solve their issues, all the while providing excellent customer service. He's partnered up with Gong Soo Cheol, who runs a private detective agency, and his younger sister, Hye Joon, an elite hacker.For the last three years, Detective Han Jae Hee performed her job with enthusiasm and integrity.  Will her involvement with Nam Han Joon jeopardize all of that?  (Source: AsianWiki, edited by Lee C)",8.1,11463,18,"['Seo In Guk', 'Oh Yeon Seo', 'Kwak Shi Yang', 'Kang Mi Na', 'Kwon Soo Hyun', 'Won Hyun Joon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"KBS2,  Netflix","Go Jae Hyun,  Yoon Ra Young",Park Hye Jin
398,Haechi,https://mydramalist.com/29332-hatch,"Action,  Adventure,  Historical,  Political","Leadership, Joseon Dynasty, Strong Male Lead, Teamwork, Slight Romance, Bromance, Oblivious Female Lead, Underdog, Power Struggle, Smart Male Lead ","Set during the Joseon Dynasty period, four people from different walks of life come together to make Prince Lee Geum the King and reform the Saheonbu. The four people are Lee Geum, Yeo Ji, Park Moon Soo, and Dal Moon.Lee Geum is a prince, but, even though he is smart, he is not recognized as a prince due to his mother being born in the lowest class.Yeo Ji is damo at the Saheonbu. She investigates cases enthusiastically. She has a talent for martial arts and foreign languages. Yeo Ji is the best investigator at the Saheonbu, including the male investigators. Park Moon Soo has been preparing for his exam to become a public officer. He is not very smart and has difficulty with the exam, but he is honest and tender to other people. Dal Moon is a famous clown. He is good at martial arts.",8.1,2386,48,"['Jung Il Woo', 'Go Ah Ra', 'Kwon Yool', 'Park Hoon', 'Lee Kyung Young', 'Jung Moon Sung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Lee Yong Seok,Kim Yi Young
399,"Marriage, Not Dating",https://mydramalist.com/9803-marriage-not-dating,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Contract Relationship, Controlling Parent, Steamy Kiss, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Cold Man/Warm Woman, Eccentric Female Lead, Love/Hate Relationship, Rich Male Lead, Love Square, Clingy Male Lead ","Wealthy plastic surgeon Gong Ki Tae is a successful and happy bachelor who does not want to find himself a wife. He believes that his life is perfectly planned, and being single is the only option he accept. However, his family is badgering him to marry. In an effort to get his parents off his back about the constant string of blind dates and marriage prospects, Ki Tae purposely brings Joo Jang Mi home to meet his parents posing as his girlfriend, certain that they'll never approve of her.(Source: WeTV)",8.1,25749,16,"['Yeon Woo Jin', 'Han Groo', 'Jung Jin Woon', 'Han Sun Hwa', 'Heo Jung Min', 'Yoon So Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Song Hyun Wook,Joo Hwa Mi
400,Jealousy Incarnate,https://mydramalist.com/16565-jealousy-incarnate,"Comedy,  Romance","Love Triangle, Steamy Kiss, Bromance, Unrequited Love, Eccentric Female Lead, Mean Male Lead, Possessive Male Lead, Aggressive Male Lead, Multiple Couples, Workplace Abuse ","Lee Hwa Shin is a handsome anchor with notable journalistic talent, a well-to-do family and commendable education. He is also as fierce a competitor as one will find in the world of reporting, and goes after stories relentlessly. But as luck would have it, he also comes across another fierce competitor -- meteorologist Pyo Na Ri. Pyo Na Ri doesn’t have the shining resume of her anchor counterpart, went to a third-rate college and only has a temporary contract with the station. Although her dorky exterior hides an inner fire, Na Ri has worked extremely hard to get where she is, even doing odd jobs like lifting boxes. Both anchor and meteorologist now see each other as rivals in their race to become the station’s most valued employee. But what happens when the two rivals start to fall in love? The drama may be too much, even for a broadcasting station.",8.1,16953,24,"['Jo Jung Suk', 'Gong Hyo Jin', 'Go Kyung Pyo', 'Lee Mi Sook', 'Park Ji Young', 'Mun Ka Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Park Shin Woo,Seo Sook Hyang
401,Doctor Cha,https://mydramalist.com/718109-doctor-cha-jung-sook,"Comedy,  Life,  Drama,  Medical","Starting Over, Hospital Setting, Rivals To Enemies, Unhealthy Mains' Relationship, Extramarital Affair, Loveless Marriage, Family Relationship, Lying, Second Chance, Mean Male Lead ","Cha Jung Sook is married to Seo In Ho, who works as a chief surgeon at a university hospital. He has a strict, sensitive, and thoroughgoing personality. Cha Jung Sook has been a full-time housewife for 20 years, giving up her career as a doctor during her medical resident years. After all those years, she decides to restart her medical resident course.(Source: AsianWiki)",8.1,8605,16,"['Uhm Jung Hwa', 'Kim Byung Chul', 'Myung Se Bin', 'Min Woo Hyuk', 'Song Ji Ho', 'Jo Aram']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"jTBC,  Netflix","Kim Dae Jin,  Kim Jung Wook",Jung Yeo Rang
402,High Kick! The Revenge of the Short Legged,https://mydramalist.com/2972-high-kick-the-revenge-of-the-short-legged,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Sitcom","Multiple Mains, Multiple Couples, Unrequited Love, School Setting, Hospital Setting, Neighbors' Relationship, Family Relationship, Older Man/Younger Woman, Student, Student-Teacher Relationship ","Ahn Nae Sang and Yoon Yoo Sun are a middle-aged husband and wife. When his business goes bankrupt, this couple moves into her brother's house, and the conflict starts.",8.1,1999,123,"['Ahn Nae Sang', 'Yoon Yoo Sun', 'Lee Jong Suk', 'Park Ha Sun', 'Krystal Jung', 'Yoon Kye Sang']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Jo Chan Joo,"Baek Sun Woo,  Jo Sung Hee,  Lee Shi Eun,  Lee Young Chul,  Hong Bo Hee"
403,Ojakgyo Brothers,https://mydramalist.com/2788-ojakgyo-brothers,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Big Family, Multiple Mains, Multiple Couples, Contract Relationship, Older Woman/Younger Man, Farm Setting, Brothers' Relationship, Soap Opera, Family ",The story of a family with four sons who live together with their relatives on a farm near Seoul. Hwang Tae Hee is the third son and a policeman who falls in love with a girl named Baek Ja Eun. Baek Ja Eun is a haughty young woman who only believes in her pretty looks and is quick to flare up in anger.,8.1,3510,58,"['Uee', 'Joo Won', 'Ryu Soo Young', 'Choi Jung Yoon', 'Jung Woong In', 'Yeon Woo Jin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Ki Min Soo,Lee Jung Sun
404,The Greatest Love,https://mydramalist.com/1548-the-greatest-love,"Business,  Comedy,  Romance","Male Chases Female First, Love Triangle, Impulsive Male Lead, Eccentric Male Lead, Scandal, Hardworking Female Lead, Character Development, Workplace Abuse, Misunderstanding, Rich Man/Poor Woman ","Gu Ae Jung was once the most popular member of the girl band, ‘The National Treasure Girls’. When the band broke up ten years ago, she received the bulk of the blame. Despite her warm personality, her career has suffered ever since and now she vies for air-time as a B-list celebrity on variety shows in order to earn an income. Dokko Jin is a top movie star at the height of his career and his next goal is to break into Hollywood and gain recognition as an international and global actor. However, his attempts to get his first international breakthrough gets scuppered due to a series of unfortunate encounters with Gu Ae Jung. Despite his initial dislike, Dokko Jin surprisingly finds his heart beating a little quicker from their encounters. Is this the beginning of what could be his greatest love?(Source: MyDramaList)",8.1,14812,16,"['Cha Seung Won', 'Gong Hyo Jin', 'Yoo In Na', 'Yoon Kye Sang', 'Lee Hee Jin', 'Choi Hwa Jung']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,"Park Hong Kyun,  Lee Dong Yoon","Hong Jung Eun,  Hong Mi Ran"
405,Narco-Saints,https://mydramalist.com/54729-suriname,"Action,  Thriller,  Crime","Drug Lord, Miniseries, Priest Male Lead, Drug Dealer Male Lead, Gun Violence, National Intelligence Service, Multiple Mains, Drugs, Death, Gore ",The life-saving journey of a Korean drug king in Suriname in South America and a businessman who was engaged in a secret operation by the NIS.(Source: Netflix),8.1,3241,6,"['Ha Jung Woo', 'Hwang Jung Min', 'Park Hae Soo', 'Jo  Woo Jin', 'Yoo Yeon Seok', 'Choo Ja Hyun']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),Netflix,Yoon Jong Bin,Kwon Sung Hui
406,Reply 1994,https://mydramalist.com/6753-reply-1994,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Sports","Love Triangle, 1990s, Unrequited Love, Bromance, Sismance, Multiple Couples, Nostalgia, Student Supporting Character, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead ","Set in 1994, six university students from various provincial areas live together at a boarding house in Sinchon, Seoul, which is run by a couple with a daughter named Na Jung. The timeline moves back and forth between the past in 1994 and the present in 2013, making the viewers guess who will become Na Jung's husband among the male characters.",8.1,15905,21,"['Go Ah Ra', 'Jung Woo', 'Yoo Yeon Seok', 'Kim Sung Kyun', 'Cha Sun Woo', 'Min Do Hee']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,tvN,Shin Won Ho,"Lee Woo Jung,  Kim Dae Joo,  Kim Ran Joo"
407,Mistress,https://mydramalist.com/26903-mistress,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Romance,  Drama","Sismance, Sexual Content, Non-MDL Remake, Female Centered Plot, Widow Female Lead, Single Mother Female Lead, Death, Cancer, Murder, Investigation ","Drama is about the scandalous lives of a group of four girlfriends - each on her own path to self-discovery as they brave the turbulent journey together. After Jan Se Yeon's husband died in an accident, she has lived with her daughter. She begins to receive phone calls and mysterious things take place around her. The drama series will revolve around 4 women including Jan Se Yeo, Kim Eun Soo, Han Jung Won, and Do Hwa Young.(Source: Soompi)~~ Remake of the British TV series ""Mistresses"" [2008].",8.1,1834,12,"['Han Ga In', 'Shin Hyun Bin', 'Choi Hee Seo', 'Gu Jae Yi', 'Lee Hee Joon', 'Lee Sang Hee']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),OCN,Han Ji Seung,"Ko Jung Woon,  Kim Jin Wook"
408,My Strange Hero,https://mydramalist.com/30767-revenge-is-back,"Mystery,  Comedy,  Romance,  Youth","Student-Teacher Relationship, Corruption, Second Chance Romance, Nice Male Lead, Evil Parental Figure, Wrongfully Accused, Revenge, High School, School Problems, Strong Female Lead ","When Kang Bok Soo was a high school student, he was falsely accused of committing acts of violence and ended up expelled from school. Those who brought the accusations against him were his first love, Son Soo Jung, and a fellow student Oh Se Ho.Kang Bok Soo has now become an adult, but in his life nothing seems to go right for him. To get revenge on Son Soo Jung and Oh Se Ho, he decides to return to the same high school. There Kang Bok Soo gets involved in a series of unexpected cases. (Source: KoreanDrama.org)",8.1,16712,32,"['Yoo Seung Ho', 'Jo Bo Ah', 'Kwak Dong Yeon', 'Chun Ho Jin', 'Lee Kang Min', 'Kim Yeo Jin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Park Seon Ho,  Ham Joon Ho",Kim Yoon Young
409,Be My Dream Family,https://mydramalist.com/683765-dreams-even-if-behind,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Family","Multiple Couples, Slow Burn Romance, Multiple Mains, Marriage, Working Mom, Social Issues ","An obstinate father in his 70s and a sweet mother in her 60s fall in love. However, their families come from very different cultural backgrounds, so they clash when their parents marry in their twilight years. However, these conflicts lead to understanding and harmony, and they find the meaning of being a true family. Will they continue to be able to unite together peacefully?(Source: Viki)",8.1,467,120,"['Choi Jung Woo', 'Park Joon Geum', 'Wang Ji Hye', 'Ham Eun Jung', 'Joo Ah Reum', 'Ryu Jin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS1,Kim Jung Gyu,Yeo Myung Jae
410,A-Teen,https://mydramalist.com/29784-a-teen,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Youth","Web Series, Multiple Mains, Secret Crush, Calm Female Lead, High School, Friends To Lovers, Misunderstanding, Multiple Couples, Nice Male Lead, First Love ","People say that 18 is a carefree age, but all the moments were too serious to say I was not worried. This is a short teenage school romance web drama.",8.1,11675,24,"['Shin Ye Eun', 'Lee Na Eun', 'Kim Soo Hyun', 'Kim Dong Hee', 'Shin Seung Ho', 'Ryu Eui Hyun']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Han Soo Ji,Kim Sa Ra
411,"Bread, Love and Dreams",https://mydramalist.com/51-bread-love-and-dreams,"Romance,  Family,  Melodrama","Sibling Rivalry, Mother-Son Relationship, Baking, Evil Stepmother, Birth Secret, Family Secret, Time Skip, Youth, Secondary Couple, Smart Female Lead ","Kim Tak Goo is the eldest son of Goo In Jong, the president of Geosung Enterprise, a legend in the baking industry. Although he is an extremely talented baker and seemed destined to succeed his father as president, Goo In Jong's family plotted to rob him of his inheritance because he was born to In Jong's mistress. Tak Goo's determination to become number one in the baking industry drives him to rebuild his career from scratch despite the many trials he faces.(Source: Wikipedia)",8.1,9312,30,"['Yoon Shi Yoon', 'Oh Jae Moo', 'Joo Won', 'Shin Dong Woo', 'Eugene', 'Jo Jung Eun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Lee Jung Sub,  Lee Eun Jin",Kang Eun Kyung
412,Love Playlist Season 3,https://mydramalist.com/30789-love-playlist-season-3,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Youth","Web Series, Multiple Mains, Heartbreak, Unrequited Love, School Club, Multiple Couples, Jealous Male Lead, Nice Female Lead, University, Second Chance Romance ","For the third season, there’s love, breakup, struggles and friendship stronger than ever. This season come with new characters for us to enjoy and a different way to see perspectives.",8.1,2399,12,"['Kim Hyung Suk', 'Jung Shin Hye', 'Lee Yoo Jin', 'Choi Hui Seung', 'Im Hwi Jin', 'Min Hyo Won']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Unknown,Lee Seul
413,The Witch's Diner,https://mydramalist.com/61491-come-to-witch-s-restaurant,"Psychological,  Life,  Fantasy,  Supernatural","Healing, Older Woman/Younger Man, Flashback To Past, Mother-Daughter Relationship, Web Series, Unlucky Female Lead, Adapted From A Novel, High School, Witchcraft, Hardworking Male Lead ","At the age of 28, Jung Jin had everything in life that a person could ever want or need. With a great job and a fantastic boyfriend, Jin was convinced her life was as close to perfect as anyone could ever wish. Little did she know, her perfect world was about to come crashing down around her. Stricken by a string of bad luck, Jin now finds herself without a job, a boyfriend, or a clue as to what to do next. With no better ideas, Jin agrees to open a restaurant with her mother but even that venture ends in bankruptcy. With her mother leaving for the countryside, Jin is left with nothing but a failed business and overwhelming heartache. But after an unexpected encounter with Jo Hee Ra, a sorceress who specializes in granting wishes, things take an unexpected turn for the better.Wishing to borrow Jin’s restaurant to run a restaurant of her own, Jin agrees to the mysterious woman’s request. Soon the place is full of people willing to sell their soul for a taste of Hee Ra’s magical wish-granting dishes. Though thrilled by their success, Jin sometimes wonders if the price of Hee Ra’s dishes isn’t just a little high...(Source: Viki)~~ Adapted from the novel ""The Witch's Diner"" (마녀식당으로 오세요) by Go Sang Hee (구상희).",8.1,8681,8,"['Song Ji Hyo', 'Nam Ji Hyun', 'Chae Jong Hyeop', 'Ha Do Gwon', 'Yoon Da Young', 'So Hee Jung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,TVING,"So Jae Hyun,  Lee Soo Hyun",Lee Young Sook
414,The Law Cafe,https://mydramalist.com/719533-love-according-to-law,"Comedy,  Law,  Romance","Lawyer Female Lead, Smart Female Lead, Friends To Lovers, Former Prosecutor Male Lead, Adapted From A Web Novel, Café Setting, Long Time Friends, Secret Crush, Healing, Smart Male Lead ","Jeong Ho, Yu Ri, Se Yeon, and Jin Ki have been friends for 17 years since Seoyeon High. Jeong Ho is a landlord who used to be called the Monster Genius of the prosecution. Despite his clumsiness, he is a cool guy with a mysterious charm. Yu Ri is an eccentric lawyer with a hot-temper that cannot stand injustice, which leads her to quit her firm and start a law cafe of her own. When she goes to see her landlord for the contract, she finds out that he is her old friend Jeong Ho. From that point, a crazy relationship that develops from friendship to love begins.(Source: Viki)~~ Adapted from the web novel ""Love According to Law"" (법대로 사랑하라) written by No Seung Ah (노승아) and illustrated by Il Ri (일리).",8.1,7633,16,"['Lee Seung Gi', 'Lee Se Young', 'Oh Dong Min', 'Kim Nam Hee', 'Kim Seul Gi', 'Ahn Dong Goo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"KBS2,  Viki,  ViuTV",Lee Eun Jin,"Im Ji Eun,  Im Eui Jung"
415,Encounter,https://mydramalist.com/29722-boyfriend,"Business,  Romance,  Life,  Political","Older Woman/Younger Man, Boss-Employee Relationship, Disapproving Parent, Selfish Mother, Conglomerate, Filmed Abroad, Hotel Management, Photography, Evil Mother-in-Law, Nice Male Lead ","What happens when an encounter between a man and a woman who seem to have nothing in common develops into a complicated love story?Cha Soo Hyun is the daughter of a politician who lives a  life where she is unable to choose her own path. After graduating from college, she entered into a loveless marriage with the son of a wealthy conglomerate, a marriage only beneficial to her politician father. She then gets divorced. Her life is changed further when she meets simple and kind Kim Jin Hyuk.Kim Jin Hyuk is ordinary and innocent, a young man who enjoys life and finds happiness in the smaller things. He works various part-time jobs to earn a living but is looking for a regular job. One day, he decides to take a trip abroad, where he meets Cha Soo Hyun.(Source: AJ at MyDramaList)",8.1,15671,16,"['Song Hye Kyo', 'Park Bo Gum', 'Jang Seung Jo', 'Ko Chang Seok', 'Shin Jung Keun', 'Nam Ki Ae']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,"Kwon Hyuk Chan,  Park Shin Woo",Yoo Young Ah
416,Yi San,https://mydramalist.com/546-yi-san,"Historical,  Romance,  Drama,  Political","Power Struggle, Biographical, Joseon Dynasty, Slow Burn Romance, King Male Lead, Royalty, Conspiracy, Fight For The Throne, Political Intrigue, Character Development ","This drama details the life of King Jeong Jo, Joseon's 22nd monarch, who is remembered in Korean history as one of Korea's greatest kings, one who loved the people and reigned for the commoner.",8.1,1550,77,"['Lee Seo Jin', 'Lee Jong Soo', 'Han Ji Min', 'Lee Soon Jae', 'Kim Yeo Jin', 'Han Sang Jin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Kim Keun Hong,  Lee Byung Hoon",Kim Yi Young
417,Do You Like Brahms?,https://mydramalist.com/56911-do-you-like-brahms,"Music,  Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Love Triangle, Classical Music, Friends To Lovers, Nice Female Lead, Shy Female Lead, Hardworking Female Lead, Nice Male Lead, Persevering Female Lead, Perseverance, First Love ","In defiance of her family’s opposition, Song Ah gets accepted to the music school of the same university where she originally majored in business. As she’s seven years older than her classmates, she finds her new academic life daunting and struggles to find strength. One day, she hears Joon Young playing “Träumerei,"" which comforts her. Joon Young is a talented pianist who started playing the piano when he was six. He’s been friends with Jung Kyung, the granddaughter of Kyunghoo Group’s CEO, for a long time, and is in love with her. When he decides to keep his distance from Jung Kyung, he meets Song Ah.(Source: Viki)",8.1,12251,16,"['Park Eun Bin', 'Kim Min Jae', 'Park Ji Hyun', 'Kim Sung Cheol', 'Lee Yoo Jin', 'Bae Da Bin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Jo Young Min,Ryu Bo Ri
418,The Good Wife,https://mydramalist.com/16851-the-good-wife,"Law,  Romance,  Drama,  Political","Smart Female Lead, Strong Female Lead, Working Mom, LGBTQ+, Infidelity, First Love, Love Triangle, Corruption, Law Firm Setting, Criminal Justice System ","A husband works as a successful prosecutor and his future appears bright, but he gets arrested for corruption in a political scandal. His wife who worked as an attorney prior to their marriage, now resumes her career after a 13 year hiatus. She begins to find her true identity.(Source: AsianWiki)~~ Remake of the American TV series ""The Good Wife"" [2009].",8.1,1948,16,"['Jeon Do Yeon', 'Yoo Ji Tae', 'Yoon Kye Sang', 'Kim Seo Hyung', 'Lee Won Keun', 'Nana']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Lee Jeong Hyo,Han Sang Woon
419,The Package,https://mydramalist.com/19776-the-package,"Adventure,  Comedy,  Romance,  Life","Filmed Abroad, Steamy Kiss, Multiple Couples, Vacation, Nice Male Lead, Tourism, Misunderstanding, Terminal Illness, Father-Daughter Relationship, Second Chance ","Yoon So So relocates to France with her college boyfriend--despite her parents’ disapproval. A few years later, her boyfriend heartlessly returns to Korea without So So. Then, to remain in France to earn her Ph.D., she works as a tour guide. She leads the “Luxurious Premium Tour Packages: 1 Week in France”.  So So always does her best so that travelers can create great memories together. This show covers one of those tours.This series' particular group was fractious and troublesome despite its small size. The seven tourists included a man who came without his girlfriend, a couple that has been together for 7 years, an older couple comprised of a demanding & complaining husband and his mellow wife, and a man traveling with a younger woman. The group members couldn't be more troublesome -- especially San Ma Roo, the solo male traveler. He fought with his girlfriend 3 days before the trip and then left her behind at the office while he still took a vacation. He is a nuisance from day one when he is trapped in customs. Surprisingly, during the trip, So So learns that Ma Roo just might be her fated lover. (Source: JTBC)",8.1,6231,12,"['Jung Yong Hwa', 'Lee Yun Hee', 'Yoon Park', 'Choi  Woo Shik', 'Ha Shi Eun', 'Lee Ji Hyun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,"Kim Jin Won,  Jun Chang Geun",Chun Sung Il
420,Witch's Court,https://mydramalist.com/24987-witchs-court,"Mystery,  Law,  Drama","Independent Female Lead, Strong Female Lead, Sexual Assault, Hardworking Female Lead, Calm Male Lead, Slight Romance, Tragic Past, Prosecutor Female Lead, Prosecutor Male Lead, Violence Against Women ","Ma Yi Deum, a materialistic female prosecutor who does not hesitate to use personal attacks, fabricate evidence, and incite perjury in order to win her case is assigned to a special task force for sex crimes. Yeo Jin Wook, a newbie prosecutor also joins the task force, and together they solve crimes with a grudging chemistry.(Source: KBS World)",8.1,7107,16,"['Jung Ryeo Won', 'Yoon Hyun Min', 'Kim Yeo Jin', 'Jeon Kwang Ryul', 'Heo Sung Tae', 'Kim Min Seo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Kim Min Tae,  Kim Young Gyoon",Jung Do Yoon
421,The Innocent Man,https://mydramalist.com/4295-the-innocent-man,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Revenge, Character Development, Rich Woman/Poor Man, Male Chases Female First, Strong Female Lead, Cold Female Lead, Rich Female Lead, Self-sacrifice, Sacrifice Happiness, Deception ","The drama is a melodrama which depicts the story of a man, Kang Ma Roo who has been betrayed by the love of his life, Han Jae Hee. Years after the incident, Ma Roo begins to live a life of self-indulgence. He sacrificed his well being for his girlfriend only to discover that she never looked back and married another man for wealth. Thus, he sets off to take revenge. And in order to execute his revenge, he approaches Seo Eun Gi, the resilient and cold daughter of the man Jae Hee married.",8.1,23964,20,"['Moon Chae Won', 'Song Joong Ki', 'Park Shi Yeon', 'Yang Ik Jun', 'Lee Yoo Bi', 'Jo Hwi Joon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Kim Jin Won,  Lee Na Jung",Lee Kyung Hee
422,Insider,https://mydramalist.com/688615-insider,"Action,  Thriller,  Law","Prosecutor Male Lead, Smart Female Lead, Gambling, Corruption, Gang, Prison Setting, Gambler Male Lead, Businesswoman Female Lead, Criminal Organization, Hardworking Male Lead ","Tells the story of a judicial trainee named Kim Yo Han. After going undercover for an investigation, Kim Yo Han experiences a crisis and ends up struggling to try to obtain a hand of cards that will change his fate as he gambles in prison. Kim Yo Han is prudent and always thinking a few moves ahead, and he keeps a poker face on. Although he gets into a dangerous situation when he becomes embroiled in an unexpected incident during the investigation, he’ll continue to fight to survive and manage to grow with his ability to turn a crisis into an opportunity.(Source: Naver, Soompi)",8.1,2133,16,"['Kang Ha Neul', 'Lee Yoo Young', 'Heo Sung Tae', 'Kim  Sang Ho', 'Moon Sung Geun', 'Kang Young Seok']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),jTBC,Min Yeon Hong,Moon Man Se
423,My Girlfriend Is a Gumiho,https://mydramalist.com/31-my-girlfriend-is-a-gumiho,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Supernatural","Female Chases Male First, Interspecies Romance, Nine-tailed Fox, Noble Sacrifice, Love Triangle, Lying, Housemates' Relationship, Death Of A Mother, Korean Mythology, Innocent Female Lead ","Cha Dae Woong is a carefree university student who dreams of becoming a famous actor. He is an orphan whose wealthy grandfather Cha Poong and single aunt Cha Min Sook take care of him. However, Dae Woong and his grandfather always bicker because of Dae Woong's careless spending and career choice.One day, Dae Woong visits a temple and accidentally sets free a Gumiho, nine-tailed fox, who was trapped in a painting for 500 years. While running away in fright, Dae Woong severely injures himself, but the Gumiho, who took the form of a beautiful woman, saves him. In exchange, the Gumiho then asks him to help her become human and teach her how to act like one. As time goes by, their mutual relationship grows deeper as they start to fall for each other.(Source: MyDramaList)",8.1,31575,16,"['Lee Seung Gi', 'Shin Min Ah', 'Noh Min Woo', 'Hyo Min', 'Park Soo Jin', 'Yoon Yoo Sun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Boo Sung Chul,"Hong Jung Eun,  Hong Mi Ran"
424,The Penthouse Season 3,https://mydramalist.com/681515-the-penthouse-season-3,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Crime,  Drama","Suspense, Rivalry, Revenge, Murder, Older Woman/Younger Man, Investigation, Rich Male Lead, High Class Society, Greed, Rich Family ","Su Ryeon finally takes revenge on the residents of Hera Palace. They lost all of their money by investing in Cheonsoo District, and even worse, they stand before the court for covering up Seol A’s death. Those greedy residents of Hera Palace who caught themselves in their own traps end up losing their fortunes, reputations, and everything they had, and Su Ryeon succeeds in getting her revenge on Dan Tae, who tried to kill her. When Su Ryeon thinks the nightmare is finally over, she witnesses Logan’s death right before her eyes. Who could have planned to murder Logan, and what will happen to the residents of Hera Palace next? Their desire for revenge is not over yet.(Source: Kocowa)",8.1,12193,14,"['Lee Ji Ah', 'Eugene', 'Kim So Yeon', 'Uhm Ki Joon', 'Yoon Jong Hoon', 'Shin Eun Kyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Joo Dong Min,Kim Soon Ok
425,It's Okay to Be Sensitive,https://mydramalist.com/30463-it-s-okay-to-be-sensitive,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Feminist Message, Strong Female Lead, Sismance, Naive Female Lead, Web Series, Sexual Harassment, Calm Male Lead, Calm Female Lead, Independent Female Lead, Smart Female Lead ",The story revolves around five first-year students and the challenges they face on and off campus. The web series brings awareness to gender issues.(Source: MyDramaList),8.1,1919,12,"['Kim Da Ye', 'Kim Young Dae', 'Lee You Mi', 'Hong Seo Young', 'Na In Woo', 'Do Won']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Choi Sun Mi
426,Faith,https://mydramalist.com/3994-faith,"Historical,  Romance,  Medical,  Supernatural","Time Travel, Goryeo Dynasty, Power Struggle, Older Woman/Younger Man, Skilled Killer, Strong Male Lead, Elemental Power, Sword-fight, Fate, Poison ","A 21st-century plastic surgeon Eun Soo gets kidnapped and brought 700 years into the past for her healing powers. Goryeo era bodyguard to the king, General Choi Yeong is smart but a little naive; he almost never smiles. He faces conflicts with the female doctor Eun Soo but soon feels attracted to her.(Source: Amazon)",8.1,21633,24,"['Kim Hee Sun', 'Lee Min Ho', 'Ryu Deok Hwan', 'Park Se Young', 'Yoo Oh Sung', 'Hwang Woo Yun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Kim Jong Hak,  Shin Yong Hwi",Song Ji Na
427,Secret Royal Inspector,https://mydramalist.com/62153-new-secret-royal-inspector,"Historical,  Mystery,  Comedy,  Romance","Joseon Dynasty, Corruption, Master-Slave Relationship, Hidden Identity, Fight For Justice, Undercover Operation, Childish Male Lead, Nice Male Lead, Strong Female Lead, Adventure ","Set toward the end of the Joseon era, Sung Yi Gyum places first in the state examination, landing him a position at Hongmungwan in the Administration and Research Department. Despite his recent success, he has no life goals, nor the ambition to realize them, if he did! When caught gambling, Sung Yi Gyum, is punished and assigned to work as a Secret Royal Inspector. He is tasked with uncovering illegal acts and rooting out corruption within the ranks of public officers. He solves cases with the help of fellow inspector Hong Da In, a female colleague and his servant Park Chun Sam, who is talkative, affectionate, and often teary-eyed.Sung Yi Gyum’s family consists of a nobleman father, his stepmother, a slave, and a younger step-brother, Sung Yi Bum. His father won’t accept Yi Bum as his legitimate son due to his mother’s low social status. As a result, Yi Bum is barred from seizing certain opportunities, creating a world of resentment towards his older step-brother, Yi Gyum.(Source: AsianWiki)",8.0,3653,16,"['Kim Myung Soo', 'Kwon Na Ra', 'Lee Yi Kyung', 'Lee Tae Hwan', 'Jo Soo Min', 'Ahn Nae Sang']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"iQiyi,  KBS2",Kim Jung Min,Park Sung Hoon
428,Comrades,https://mydramalist.com/791-comrades,"Military,  Historical,  Drama,  War","Historical Fiction, 1950s, Korean War ","This drama commemorates the soldiers who gave their lives in the Korean War, fought between North and South Korea between 1950 and 1953, and is designed to remind people that the heavy cost of human lives far outweigh any national glory. Lee Hyun Joong is a South Korean squad commander and war veteran who is dedicated to protecting the lives of the soldiers serving under him, despite his jaded outlook. His chance meeting with Lee Soo Kyung on the battlefield stirs memories of the past, but she is now a lieutenant of the North Korean army.",8.0,254,20,"['Choi Soo Jong', 'Lee Tae Ran', 'Lee Deok Hwa', 'Jung Tae Woo', 'Lee Ju Seok', 'Ryu Sang Wook']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS1,"Song Hyun Wook,  Kim Sang Hwi",Unknown
429,The Golden Spoon,https://mydramalist.com/692045-golden-spoon,"Psychological,  Drama,  Fantasy,  Supernatural","Adapted From A Webtoon, Youth, Rich Family, Hidden Identity, Poor Family, Death, Rich Woman/Poor Man, Lying, Identity Swap, Romance ","Would you trade your poor but loving family for a life of riches? When Seung Cheon gets his hands on a magical spoon that allows him to switch lives with his rich best friend, he thinks it’s a no-brainer. But life-altering decisions are always accompanied by a sense of doubt, and with only three chances to change his mind, Seung Cheon has to decide which of his two possible futures is worth keeping. (Source: Webtoons.com)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""The Golden Spoon"" (금수저) by HD3.",8.0,5650,16,"['Yook Sung Jae', 'Lee Jong Won', 'Jung Chae Yeon', 'Yeonwoo', 'Choi Dae Chul', 'Han Chae Ah']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Song Hyun Wook,  Lee Han Joon","Kim Eun Hee,  Yoon Eun Kyung"
430,She Was Pretty,https://mydramalist.com/15055-she-was-pretty,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Misunderstanding, Makeover, Hardworking Female Lead, Character Development, Lying, Nice Female Lead, Mean Male Lead, Sassy Female Lead, Unrequited Love, First Love ","As a young girl, Hye Jin was impossibly cute and lived a comfortable life with her wealthy parents. Since entering her teens, both her looks and fortunes have drastically changed. She currently lives rent-free with a friend and is a part-time clerk at a convenience store. Out-of-the-blue, Sung Joon, her childhood friend, contacts her and suggests they meet. He is unaware that Hye Jin recently spotted him and knows how fit and handsome he had become. Not wanting to disappoint him, she insists her pretty best friend go in her place. What could go wrong?After landing a full-time job, Hye Jin is surprised to find out that Sung Joon is her boss. To add insult to injury, he is treating her with nothing but disdain and contempt. This is not the friend she fondly remembers, so she goes about hiding her true identity from him.  (Source: MBC)",8.0,52162,16,"['Hwang Jung Eum', 'Park Seo Joon', 'Go Joon Hee', 'Choi Si Won', 'Shin Dong Mi', 'Ahn Se Ha']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Jeong Dae Yun,Jo Sung Hee
431,Kiss Sixth Sense,https://mydramalist.com/707571-kiss-six-sense,"Comedy,  Romance,  Fantasy,  Supernatural","Supernatural Power, Boss-Employee Relationship, Ex-Boyfriend Comes Back, Workplace Setting, Office Setting, Team Leader Male Lead, Office Worker Female Lead, Workplace Romance, Male Chases Female First, Steamy Kiss ","Hong Ye Sool, the best account executive on Planning Team 1 at Zeu Ad is making her way up as a project manager. She has one secret: she can see the future when she kisses someone. One day, after Ye Sool's lips accidentally meet the lips of her evil team chief Min Hoo, she sees herself in bed with him in the future. While Ye Sool is confused with her future, her ex-boyfriend Pil Yo shows up to work on a new project together and offers Yesool to go on a date with him three times. This romantic office comedy revolves around Ye Sool, whose primary focus is work.(Source: Disney+) ~~ Adapted from the web novel ""Kiss Sixth Sense"" (키스식스센스) by Gatnyeo (갓녀).",8.0,7356,12,"['Yoon Kye Sang', 'Seo Ji Hye', 'Kim Ji Suk', 'Lee  Joo Yeon', 'Tae In Ho', 'Kim Ga Eun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Disney+,  Hulu",Nam Ki Hoon,Jeon Yoo Ri
432,Hit the Top,https://mydramalist.com/22605-hit-the-top,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","Time Travel, Flashback To Past, Hidden Identity, Eccentric Male Lead, Love/Hate Relationship, Love Triangle, Hardworking Female Lead, Father-Son Relationship, Songwriter Male Lead, Singer Male Lead ","Lee Ji Hoon and Choi Woo Seung are two childhood friends who also happen to be preparatory students for the civil service exam, although Ji Hoon has a secret dream to be a singer and songwriter. One day they meet Yoo Hyun Jae, a popular but problematic member of a popular '90s idol group who accidentally traveled through time to the year 2017 from the year 1993. Thus begins the story of passion, love, and friendship among 20s youth in the entertainment industry.(Source: KoreanDrama.org)",8.0,16242,32,"['Yoon Shi Yoon', 'Lee Se Young', 'Kim Min Jae', 'Cha Tae Hyun', 'Dong Hyun Bae', 'Yoon Son Ha']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Cha Tae Hyun,  Yoo Ho Jin",Lee Young Chul
433,Your Honor,https://mydramalist.com/28978-dear-judge,"Comedy,  Law,  Romance,  Drama","Identity Swap, Mother-Son Relationship, Eccentric Male Lead, Lying, Revenge, Tragic Past, Corruption, Calm Female Lead, Character Development, Kidnapping ","There are identical twins named Han Soo Ho and Han Kang Ho. Although they are both smart, good-looking, and share the same gene, they live completely different lives. Han Soo Ho has never missed the first place. He knew that there is the power that people only in the first place can gain. Moreover, his brother, who was athletic and eloquent, grabbed people’s attention which decreased Han Soo Ho’s presence. However, there was one thing he could win over his brother. It was studying. As Han Soo Ho became smarter, the gap between his brother grew bigger. Han Soo Ho passed the bar exam as the youngest person and became the judge. He was well known to judge according to the assessment of a case. Meanwhile, Han Kang Ho has five criminal records. One day, Han Kang Ho finished serving his sentence. When he came out, he realized that Han Soo Ho had suddenly disappeared and decided to take over his brother’s place as a judge. The criminal, who used to live behind bars, becomes to be judge people by the law. The criminal, who was once treated as a trash, becomes the honorable judge who everyone respects. Han Kang Ho, the judge with five criminal records. What will happen to his life? This story is about the process of people, who once desired other's life, finding their own life.(Source: Viki)",8.0,4866,32,"['Yoon Shi Yoon', 'Lee Yoo Young', 'Kwon Na Ra', 'Park Byung Eun', 'Sung Dong Il', 'Heo Ji Won']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Boo Sung Chul,Chun Sung Il
434,Black,https://mydramalist.com/23772-black,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Supernatural","Ghost-seeing Female Lead, Strong Male Lead, Badass Male Lead, Ghost, Murder, Double Identity, Child Abuse, Flashback To Past, Tough Male Lead, Interspecies Romance ","Black is about a detective possessed by the Grim Reaper. Ha Ram can see shadows of death. These two struggle to save the lives of people, breaking the rules of heaven.(Source: tvN Asia)",8.0,21797,18,"['Song Seung Heon', 'Go Ah Ra', 'Lee El', 'Kim Dong Jun', 'Kim Won Hae', 'Jo Jae Yoon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,OCN,"Kim Hong Seon,  Go Jae Hyun",Choi Ran
435,You Are My Spring,https://mydramalist.com/70879-you-are-my-spring,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Romance,  Drama","Mother-Daughter Relationship, Calm Male Lead, Childhood Trauma, Healing, Smart Male Lead, Healthy Mains’ Relationship, Smart Female Lead, Psychological, Flashback To Past, Death ","When Kang Da Jung finds a job at a five-star hotel, she rises to the manager position faster than any of her fellow employees who were hired at the same time as her. Her problem is that she takes after her mother’s poor choice of men and dates men who are terrible like her father.Meanwhile. Joo Young Do is a psychiatrist who helps others heal their emotional wounds and find the will to live. However, he himself bears his own scars from not having been able to save his younger brother and one of his patients.The two, suffering from traumatic childhoods, form a heartfelt bond when they become entangled in a perplexing local murder case.(Source: Soompi, Netflix)",8.0,8060,16,"['Seo Hyun Jin', 'Kim Dong Wook', 'Yoon Park', 'Nam Gyu Ri', 'Kim Ye Won', 'Han Min']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Netflix,  tvN","Jung Ji Hyun,  Joo Sang Kyu",Lee Mi Na
436,Life,https://mydramalist.com/26974-life,"Thriller,  Psychological,  Drama,  Medical","Power Struggle, Suspense, Nice Male Lead, Slight Romance, Calm Male Lead, Character Development, Smart Male Lead, Strong Female Lead, Childhood Friends' Relationship, Hospital Setting ","This series examines the hospital as a breeding ground for misuse of power. It is a place of conflicting interests and clashing egos. The doctors have the power to save lives, but the board has the power to kill doctors. In a building supposedly dedicated to the public’s health, it’s the personal vendettas that fuel people to get up in the morning.(Source: JTBC)",8.0,5512,16,"['Lee Dong Wook', 'Cho Seung Woo', 'Won Jin Ah', 'Lee Kyu Hyung', 'Yoo Jae Myung', 'Moon So Ri']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"jTBC,  Netflix","Hong Jong Chan,  Im Hyun Wook",Lee Soo Yeon
437,The Slave Hunters,https://mydramalist.com/137-chuno,"Action,  Historical,  Romance,  Drama","Joseon Dynasty, Love Triangle, Injustice, Bromance, Sword-fight, Wrongfully Accused, Weak Female Lead, Revenge, Slave Supporting Character, Slave Female Lead ","Chuno follows the story of Lee Dae Gil, a man of high birth, whose family was ruined when Won Ki Yoon, a slave, burnt down his house and escaped with his sister, Un Nyun, who was in love with Dae Gil. Driven by his desire for revenge, he survived his harsh years on the street and made his name as a slave hunter, dedicated to his pursuit to find Un Nyun, his first and only love. Song Tae Ha is a General of the Army who became a slave after being falsely accused of a crime he did not commit and finds himself on the run from Dae Gil's relentless pursuit. Both men become entangled in a love triangle with Un Nyun, who is no longer a runaway slave, but Kim Hye Won, a nobleman's daughter.",8.0,3269,24,"['Jang Hyuk', 'Lee Da Hae', 'Oh Ji Ho', 'Lee Jong Hyuk', 'Gong Hyung Jin', 'Kim Ji Suk']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Kwak Jung Hwan,Chun Sung Il
438,Miss Hammurabi,https://mydramalist.com/25559-ms.-hammurabi,"Law,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","Sassy Female Lead, Social Commentary, Strong Female Lead, Smart Male Lead, Slow Burn Romance, First Love, Slow Romance, Bromance, Slow Burn Story, Secondary Couple ","Park Cha Oh Reum is a newly appointed judge who is assigned to the 44th Civil Affairs Department at the Seoul Central District. She is always on the lookout for injustice and is able to profoundly empathize with others. Compared to her, Im Ba Reun is a cool-headed man of principle with the creed of ‘Court that is equal to all’, and he is displeased with junior judge Park Cha Oh Reum who is overly sympathetic when it comes to cases.(Source: JTBC)",8.0,11222,16,"['Go Ah Ra', 'Kim Myung Soo', 'Sung Dong Il', 'Ryu Deok Hwan', 'Lee Elijah', 'Lee Tae Sung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,Kwak Jung Hwan,Moon Yoo Seok
439,The Legend,https://mydramalist.com/489-the-legend,"Historical,  Drama,  Supernatural,  War","Goguryeo Dynasty, Magic, Reincarnation, Political Intrigue, Rivalry, Love/Hate Relationship, Based On A Legend, Royalty, Curse, Reincarnated Lovers ","This drama portrays the life of the 19th king of Goguryeo, Hwanwoong, who was sent from the heavens to make the world a better place. He falls in love with Saeoh and gives her the joojak necklace; however, Kajin becomes jealous since Saeoh has given birth to Hwanwoong's son. She takes the baby and throws him off a cliff. Saeoh, thinking that her son had died, is overcome with grief and turns into the black joojak to destroy the world. Hwanwoong is the only one who could stop her. Afterwards, Hwanwoong returns to the Heavens and prophesies that 2000 years later, the true Joo Shin king will come to Earth. With the help of the four gods, he will rebuild Joo Shin.",8.0,1875,24,"['Bae Yong Joon', 'Lee Ji Ah', 'Moon So Ri', 'Yoon Tae Young', 'Choi Min Soo', 'Park Sung Woong']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Yoon Sang Ho,  Kim Jong Hak","Song Ji Na,  Park Kyung Soo"
440,Scent of a Woman,https://mydramalist.com/2659-scent-of-a-woman,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Melodrama","Terminal Illness, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Nice Male Lead, Rich Male Lead, Tearjerker, Workplace Abuse, Arranged Marriage, Travel Agency Setting, Office Worker Female Lead, Disapproving Parent ","A romantic comedy about a non-married, low ranking office worker who is given numbered days to live. Lee Yeon Jae is given the grim prognosis that she only has a short time left to live, so she decides to quit her job at a travel agency and live her life to the fullest.",8.0,9894,16,"['Kim Sun Ah', 'Lee Dong Wook', 'Uhm Ki Joon', 'Seo Hyo Rim', 'Sa Hyun Jin', 'Kim Ji Sung']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Park Hyung Ki,Noh Ji Sul
441,Dear.M,https://mydramalist.com/63415-love-playlist-season-5-2021,"Romance,  Life,  Youth,  Drama","Multiple Mains, Long Time Friends, Cheerful Male Lead, First Love, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, Dormitory Setting, School Setting, Childhood Friends' Relationship, Roommates' Relationship ","Campus life at Seoyeon University has always been relatively peaceful, but when an anonymous post pops up on the school’s online community, the entire campus is flipped upside down. Posted by a mysterious individual, known only as “M”, the entire school is abuzz with curiosity and excitement. Determined to uncover the identity of the mysterious “M”, students all across the campus set out to uncover the truth. But the task will prove to be anything but easy.Second year student in the Business Administration Department, Ma Joo Ah has taken a keen interest in uncovering the identity of “M”. While she has no interest in pursuing either her own dreams, nor any sort of romantic relationship, she does have a strong desire to solve the school’s current mystery. Alongside her is Cha Min Ho, a second year student in the Computer Science Department, and Joo A’s oldest friend. Together with Economics major Seo Ji Min and Business Administration major Park Ha Neul, the four are determined to discover “M”’s true identity and bring an end to this mystery, once and for all.As their journey towards the truth progresses, the four friends find themselves in an ever-changing tangle of morphing relationships and budding romances. With emotions high and hearts aflutter, uncovering the identity of “M” has never been more complicated. Will the friends be able to solve this mystery or will “M”’s true identity remain hidden forever?(Source: Viki)",8.0,8330,12,"['Park Hye Soo', 'Jeong Jae Hyun', 'Roh Jeong Eui', 'Bae Hyun Sung', 'Lee Jin Hyuk', 'Woo Da Vi']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"KBS2,  Viki","Park Jin Woo,  Seo Joo Wan",Lee Seul
442,Hwarang,https://mydramalist.com/15931-hwarang-the-poet-warrior-youth,"Action,  Historical,  Comedy,  Romance","Hwarang, Bromance, Love Triangle, Strong Male Lead, Sword-fight, Identity Swap, Silla Dynasty, Competition, Jinheung, Nice Male Lead ","The names of just a few Hwarangs are recorded in history. Not many people these days truly know about Hwarangs. How did they start? How did beautiful looking young men become at the center of unifying old Korea's Three Kingdoms? To these countless questions, we look forward to finding the answers. Let's imagine how life must have been for young people of Silla back in the 6th century. Let us tell you a story about their friendships and love.(Source: KBS Wold)",8.0,41926,20,"['Park Seo Joon', 'Go Ah Ra', 'Park Hyung Sik', 'Seo Yea Ji', 'Choi Min Ho', 'Do Ji Han']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Yoon Sung Shik,  Kim Young Jo",Park Eun Young
443,Twenty Again,https://mydramalist.com/14827-twenty-again,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","Second Chance, Successful Male Lead, Male Chases Female First, Childish Male Lead, Smart Male Lead, Boss-Employee Relationship, Mean Male Lead, First Love, Student Supporting Character, Student Female Lead ","38-year-old Ha No Ra dreamt of becoming a dancer in her high school years but met her husband, Kim Woo Chul, when she was 19. After having a child, she focused on taking care of her family and had to give up her dreams. In hopes of becoming a proud wife and mother to her college professor husband and her son Min Soo, she strives to enter college and ends up getting accepted into the same college as her son.(Source: AsianWiki)",8.0,9066,16,"['Choi Ji Woo', 'Lee Sang Yoon', 'Choi Won Young', 'Kim Min Jae', 'Son Na Eun', 'Park  Hyo Joo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Park Heung Sik,So Hyun Kyung
444,Moment at Eighteen,https://mydramalist.com/31931-eighteen,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","First Love, High School, Shy Male Lead, Love Triangle, Lying, Nice Male Lead, Hardworking Male Lead, Strong Female Lead, Coming Of Age, School Rivalry ","Transfer student Jun Woo has no interest in school life, as he is traumatized from being expelled for bullying. Class president Hui Yeong greets Jun Woo warmly on his first day of school. Jun Woo rejects Hui Yeong’s kindness as Hui Yeong’s popularity and influence intimidate him.When an incident breaks out, Jun Woo is falsely accused of stealing a watch. Everyone thinks Jun Woo is the culprit, and Hui Yeong uses his influence among his peers to fuel this rumour.Meanwhile, Soo Bin has been watching Jun Woo all this time. She sees a different side of him than the one that other people see, as she notices his cute, goofy streak and innocent smile. Everyone knows that Hui Yeong has a crush on her, but it’s the quiet and attentive Jun Woo that Soo Bin finds herself gravitating towards. Soo Bin’s warmth opens up the softest part of Jun Woo’s heart, and he decides to break out of his shell.As the seasons change, will these youths also turn over a new leaf?  ""At Eighteen"" captures the innocence of first love as these eighteen-year-old teens between immature and innocent.(Source: JTBC)",8.0,12853,16,"['Ong Seong Wu', 'Kim Hyang Gi', 'Shin Seung Ho', 'Kang Ki Young', 'Lee Seung Min', 'Kim Do Wan']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"jTBC,  Viki",Shim Na Yeon,Yoon Kyung Ah
445,Shadow Beauty,https://mydramalist.com/705669-shadow-beauty,"Thriller,  Psychological,  Romance,  Drama","Hidden Identity, Double Identity, Social Media, School Bullying, Suspense, School Setting, Web Series, Adapted From A Webtoon, Student Supporting Character, Student Female Lead ","Because of her looks, Koo Ae Jin is bullied at school and even insulted by strangers. But after school, she leads a secret life: with heavy makeup and hours of photo editing, she lives as Genie, a social media star with 770K followers. While Koo Ae Jin is toeing the line between her true self and Genie, what will happen when a boy from school discovers her secret?(Source: MyDramaList)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Shadow Beauty"" (그림자 미녀) by Ahum (아흠).",8.0,6217,13,"['Shim Dal Gi', 'Choi Bo Min', 'Lee Na Gyung', 'Heo Jung Hee', 'Yang Hong Seok', 'Baek Ji Hye']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Daum Kakao TV,  Viki",Bang Soo In,Unknown
446,Marriage Contract,https://mydramalist.com/16311-marriage-contract,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Terminal Illness, Contract Relationship, Marriage Of Convenience, Poor Female Lead, Tearjerker, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Rich Male Lead, Older Man/Younger Woman, Child Female Lead, Single Mother Female Lead ","After being diagnosed with a possibly terminal brain tumor, Kang Hye Soo, a desperate single mother, agrees to be a liver donor for her new boss’ mother. In exchange, she will receive a significant sum of money that she hopes to leave to her daughter. In order to pass the screening process, they must legally wed and convince the hospital that they’ve been in a long-term relationship. What they foolishly thought would be a quiet transaction between the two of them, quickly becomes more complicated as more people get involved, including her 7-year-old daughter. Money isn’t the only thing required for happiness, and love makes life worth living.",8.0,10685,16,"['Lee Seo Jin', 'Uee', 'Shin Rin Ah', 'Kim Yong Gun', 'Park Jung Soo', 'Lee Hwi Hyang']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Kim Jin Min,Jung Yoo Kyung
447,You're Beautiful,https://mydramalist.com/2986-youre-beautiful,"Music,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Cross-Dressing, Love Triangle, Gender Bender, Identity Swap, Singing, Twin Exchange, Bromance, Cold Man/Warm Woman, Naive Female Lead, Band ","The management company of the idol group A.N.JELL insisted on adding a new singer to the group as the lead vocal, Tae Kyung's voice was hurting. However,the new member, Mi Nam, had to go to the States to repair a botched eye job just before signing the contract. His agent came up with the idea of having his twin sister, Mi Nyu,to stand in for him and pretend that she was her brother. The two of them grew up in an orphanage and Mi Nyu, who was all set to become a nun, agreed to this charade as she didn't want to spoil her brother's chance of fame which would make it easier to look for their mother.",8.0,52256,16,"['Jang Geun Suk', 'Park Shin Hye', 'Jung Yong Hwa', 'Lee Hong Ki', 'Uee', 'Kim In Kwon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Hong Sung Chang,  Boo Sung Chul","Hong Jung Eun,  Hong Mi Ran"
448,Miracle That We Met,https://mydramalist.com/27184-miracle-that-we-met,"Comedy,  Romance,  Fantasy,  Melodrama","Rags To Riches, Character Development, Second Chance, Spirit, Detective Supporting Character, Transmigration, Supernatural ","An ordinary man dies in a car crash, but his spirit awakes inside another man with the same name and age but an entirely different background. He becomes the head of two families and agonizes over his two different wives.(Source: KBS World)",8.0,1810,18,"['Kim Myung Min', 'Kim Hyun Joo', 'Ra Mi Ran', 'Park Sung Geun', 'Park Keun Rok', 'Lee Moo Saeng']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Lee Hyung Min,  Jo Woong",Baek Mi Kyung
449,Would You Like a Cup of Coffee?,https://mydramalist.com/700277-shall-i-have-a-cup-of-coffee,"Life,  Drama","Episodic Format, Adapted From A Manhwa, Life Lesson, Café Setting, Character Development, Barista Male Lead, Café Owner Male Lead, Web Series ","Park Seok is the owner of the successful Café 2Dae coffee shop, a small but much-loved establishment with a group of loyal customers. He works alone in the coffee shop, and has not taken on any staff, even though his solo efforts are starting to take their toll on him. One day, a young man named Kang Go Bi comes to the coffee shop and samples Park Seok’s coffee. He immediately develops an earnest passion for coffee and convinces Park Seok to take him on as a part-time worker at the coffee shop. But Kang Go Bi soon proves that he really wants the older man to become his mentor and to learn how to become a proficient barista in his own right. The duo eventually forms a close bond and learns no end of life lessons from one another – while also helping bring a little warmth into the lives of their many and various customers.(Source: Viki)~~ Adapted from the manhwa ""How About a Cup of Coffee?"" (커피 한잔 할까요?) written by Huh Young Man (허영만) and Lee Ho Joon (이호준) and illustrated by Huh Young Man (허영만).",8.0,1432,12,"['Ong Seong Wu', 'Park Ho San', 'Seo Young Hee', 'Kim Ye Eun', 'Choo Ye Jin', 'Kim Wang Geun']",G - All Ages,"Daum Kakao TV,  Tencent Video",Unknown,Unknown
450,Bossam,https://mydramalist.com/63267-bossam-stealing-destiny,"Historical,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","Joseon Dynasty, Poor Male Lead, Nice Male Lead, Riches To Rags, Hidden Identity, Remarriage, Father-Son Relationship, Love Triangle, Kidnapping, Wrongfully Accused ","A story of life and love that touches upon the oppression experienced by women and the impoverished.Ba Woo is a degenerate man who gambles, steals, fights and hides his real identity. To make money, he worked by doing Bossam; a customary remarriage procedure that took place during the Joseon period. At that time, a widow could not remarry, so a single man or a widower would kidnap the widow and marry her. Some of the kidnappings were agreed upon in advance, and others were by force. While performing a Bossam, Ba Woo mistakenly kidnaps Princess Hwa In, the daughter of King Gwanghae and the daughter-in-law of his enemy Lee Yi Cheom. For a secret political agreement, she married the older brother of a man she loved, but, on the day of her wedding, her husband died. She then became a widow...(Source: AsianWiki)",8.0,2245,20,"['Jung Il Woo', 'Kwon Yu Ri', 'Shin Hyun Soo', 'Kim Tae Woo', 'Lee Jae Yong', 'Ko Dong Ha']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"MBN,  Viki",Kwon Seok Jang,"Kim Ji Soo,  Park Chul"
451,Anna,https://mydramalist.com/733339-anna-extended-version,"Thriller,  Drama","Miniseries, Suspense, Web Series, Adapted From A Novel ","More story of the characters will be revealed.(Source: MyDramaList)~~ Adapted from the novel ""Chinmilhan Ibangin"" (친밀한 이방인) by Jung Han Ah (정한아).",8.0,548,8,"['Bae Suzy', 'Jung Eun Chae', 'Kim Joon Han', 'Park Ye Young', 'Heo Hyung Kyu', 'Kim Jung Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Lee Joo Young,Unknown
452,Argon,https://mydramalist.com/23931-argon,"Mystery,  Drama,  Political","Boss-Employee Relationship, Journalism, Corruption, Broadcasting Industry, Contract Employee Female Lead, Workplace Setting, Mild Sexual Content, Death Of A Wife, News Presenter Female Lead, News Presenter Male Lead ","Kim Baek Jin is a popular anchor, reporter, and leader of investigative reporting program Argon. He does not tolerate unverified reports and requires facts he can personally stand behind. He also demands this standard of journalistic integrity from his team, who often call him ""the Psycho"" behind his back. After Kim Baek Jin's team reports on a story that Argon's broadcast station's higher-ups disapprove of, the program is bumped to the midnight slot and Kim loses of his senior reporter.  Lee Yeon Hwa is a rookie contract reporter who's assigned to the team to replace him, and she works hard as she's always looked up to Kim Baek Jin as a role model from afar. The team at Argon grows through many trials as they struggle to tell true and meaningful news stories that the public needs to hear—all while the broadcast company tries to undermine their goals at every turn.",8.0,1816,8,"['Kim  Joo Hyuk', 'Chun Woo Hee', 'Park Won Sang', 'Shin Hyun Bin', 'Park Hee Bon', 'Shim Ji Ho']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Lee Yoon Jung,"Shin Ha Eun,  Jeon Yeong Shin"
453,Children of a Lesser God,https://mydramalist.com/26177-children-of-the-lesser-god,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Supernatural","Detective Male Lead, Smart Male Lead, Ghost-seeing Female Lead, Murder, Cult, Investigation, Suspense, Corruption, Suicide, Clairvoyant Female Lead ","Chun Jae In is an elite detective with a genius IQ, who guided by only facts, logic, and numbers. Meanwhile, Kim Dan is a rookie detective who has the ability to see people's deaths in certain cases, sometimes before and sometimes after the actual death takes place. They work together to uncover a conspiracy involving a powerful organization.(Source: KoreanDrama.org)",8.0,1482,16,"['Kang Ji Hwan', 'Kim Ok Bin', 'Shim Hee Sub', 'Lee Elijah', 'Han Seo Jin', 'Lee Jae Yong']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,OCN,Kang Shin Hyo,Han Woo Ri
454,The Secret Life of My Secretary,https://mydramalist.com/28963-hitting-on-the-blind-boss,"Business,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Boss-Employee Relationship, Prosopagnosia, Double Identity, Rich Woman/Poor Man, Eccentric Male Lead, Rich Male Lead, Smart Male Lead, Secondary Couple, Disability, Secret Crush ","Do Min Ik is an intelligent, perfectionist man with a heart of stone and the Chief of Team 1 at T&T Mobile Media who always relies on his secretary, the hot-tempered Jung Gal Hee. Although she diligently carries out the tasks her mean boss instructs her to do, she does not hold back in saying what she wishes to say. Will an office romance blossom?(Source: AJ at MyDramaList)",8.0,23410,32,"['Kim Young Kwang', 'Jin Ki Joo', 'Kim Jae Kyung', 'Koo Ja Sung', 'Jung Ae Ri', 'Kim Min Sang']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Lee Kwang Young,Kim Jung Ah
455,Here's My Plan,https://mydramalist.com/686791-a-goal-has-come,"Romance,  Drama","Revenge, Nice Male Lead, Alcoholism, Character Development, Dysfunctional Family, Independent Female Lead, Healing, Childhood Trauma, Fight, Miniseries ",A story where a girl who thinks she has lived an unfortunate life her whole life dreams of revenge on those people who made her life unhappy. Lee So Hyun is 20-years-old. She dropped out of high school and resorts to pickpocketing to support herself.Lee Jae Young runs a small chicken restaurant. He is warm-hearted and he often helps people in bad situations.(Source: MyDramaList),8.0,1873,4,"['Kim Hwan Hee', 'Ryu Soo Young', 'Lee Young Jin', 'Kim Do Hoon', 'Lee Shi Woo', 'Kim Yi Kyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Shim So Yeon,Ryoo Sol Ah
456,Imitation,https://mydramalist.com/75831-imitation,"Music,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Entertainment Industry, Youth, Rivalry, K-Pop, Friendship, Unfortunate Female Lead, Hardworking Female Lead, Love Square, Hardworking Male Lead, Sismance ","Lee Ma Ha is a member of the new K-pop girl group Tea Party, formed by Ji Hak, who was once the manager of the famous boy group Shax, but resigned after the sudden disappearance of member Eun Jo in the middle of a concert. Prior to joining Tea Party, Ma Ha was a member of the group Omega III, which disbanded on its debut day due to a tragic incident involving a former trainee at the group's company. This led Ma Ha to support herself by performing as an impersonator of the popular solo singer La Li Ma, gaining her public notoriety.Starting anew with Tea Party, Ma Ha finds herself repeatedly crossing paths with Kwon Ryok, the center and most popular member of Shax who is still haunted by Eun Jo's disappearance three years later. While Ryok initially dislikes Ma Ha due to her imitation of Li Ma, the two eventually begin to grow interest in one another and start a secret relationship that could put both of their careers in jeopardy.Meanwhile, Lee Yu Jin, Ma Ha's loyal friend who is the center of the rising boy group Sparkling, has been in love with Ma Ha since their idol trainee days. When he notices the budding relationship between Ma Ha and Ryok, he determines to protect her from Ryok and lead Sparkling to beat out Shax as the most popular boy group in the industry.(Source: Wikipedia)~~  Adapted from the webtoon ""Imitation"" (이미테이션) by Park Kyung Ran (박경란).",8.0,13129,12,"['Jung Ji So', 'Lee Jun Young', 'Park Ji Yeon', 'Jeong Yun Ho', 'Danny Ahn', 'Chani']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"KBS2,  Viki",Han Hyun Hee,"Kim Min Jung,  Choi Sun Young"
457,Save Me Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/33073-save-me-2,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Psychological","Cult, Fake Religion, Airhead Male Lead, Hardworking Female Lead, Domestic Abuse, Strong Male Lead, Street Fight, Domestic Violence, Aggressive Male Lead, Investigation ","With their municipality scheduled to be flooded to make way for the construction of a new dam, the devout denizens of a rural village have placed their faith in Choi Gyung Seok, a church elder who promises to relocate the flock. Choi tells the villagers they will build a church and a new housing development where they will all be able to live together after the town is completely submerged. He also says that only 144,000 people can go to heaven and that church offerings are mandatory if one wants to ""secure their spot."" Even the town's much-revered Reverend Sung, a young and good-looking minister who seemingly has the ability to heal the sick, approves of Choi's plans.Behind his guise of devotion, however, Choi is a practiced con man posing as a representative of a fake religion; his true aim is to defraud the villagers of their resettlement compensation. The only obstacle to the scheme is Kim Min Chul, a skeptical outcast who accidentally discovers evidence of Choi's past misdeeds and suddenly finds himself becoming the center of resistance against the church institution.(Source: Wikipedia)~~ Remake of the South Korean animated film “The Fake” [2013].",8.0,1210,16,"['Chun Ho Jin', 'Uhm Tae Goo', 'Esom', 'Kim Young Min', 'Jo Jae Yoon', 'Han Sun Hwa']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,OCN,Lee Kwon,Seo Joo Yeon
458,The Kingdom of the Winds,https://mydramalist.com/213-the-kingdom-of-the-winds,"Action,  Historical,  Romance,  War","Goguryeo Dynasty, Child Abandonment, Skilled Killer, King Male Lead, Historical Fiction, Royalty, Based On A Legend, Espionage, Adapted From A Manhwa, Crime ","The drama about the life of Jumong's grandson, Moo Hyul, who was born with a curse to kill his parent, siblings, son and destroy Goguryeo.(Source: DramaWiki)~~ Adapted from the manhwa ""Baramui Nara"" (바람의 나라) by Kim Jin (김진).",8.0,1288,36,"['Song Il Gook', 'Choi Jung Won', 'Jung Jin Young', 'Park Gun Hyung', 'Oh Yoon Ah', 'Im Jung Eun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Ji Byung Hyun,  Kang Il Soo","Choi Wan Kyu,  Park Jin Woo"
459,Memories of the Alhambra,https://mydramalist.com/28168-memories-of-the-alhambra,"Action,  Thriller,  Romance,  Sci-Fi","Augmented Reality, Suspense, Game, Filmed Abroad, Murder, Hardworking Female Lead, Virtual Reality, Poor Female Lead, Death Game, Evil Father ","“Memories of the Alhambra” tells the unique and suspenseful love story of Yoo Jin Woo and Jung Hee Joo.Strong-spirited Yoo Jin Woo is the CEO of an investment company with a degree in engineering and a knack for developing video games. He has an adventurous and competitive spirit. Suffering after his best friend betrays him, he takes a business trip to Granada, Spain in search of the mysterious inventor of an innovative augmented-reality video game. He ends up at a hostel that Jung Hee Joo owns.Hee Joo is a former classical guitarist who came to Spain to further her studies. After the death of her parents, she takes on various jobs to support herself, including running the old hostel.They are both drawn into a series of strange and unexpected events.(Source: MyDramaList)",8.0,30503,16,"['Hyun Bin', 'Park Shin Hye', 'Park Hoon', 'Lee Seung Joon', 'Min Jin Woong', 'Kim Eui Sung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Netflix,  tvN",Ahn Gil Ho,Song Jae Jung
460,Ho Goo's Love,https://mydramalist.com/12380-ho-goos-love,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth,  Melodrama","Strong Female Lead, Pregnancy, Male Chases Female First, Implied Rape, First Love, Adapted From A Webtoon, Athlete Female Lead, Meet Again, Friendship, Swimmer Female Lead ","Ho Goo has never dated in his life. He runs into his first love Do Hee. She is a member of the national swimming team and has a burning desire to win. She also talks like one of the guys. After Ho Goo meets Do Hee again, he becomes involved in a complicated romantic relationship and a dangerous friendship.~~ Adapted from the webtoon by Yoo Hyun Sook.",8.0,7972,16,"['Uee', 'Choi  Woo Shik', 'Im Seul Ong', 'Lee Soo Kyung', 'Jung Won Joong', 'Choi Deok Moon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Pyo Min Soo,Yoon Nan Joong
461,Dokgo Rewind,https://mydramalist.com/14320-dokgo,"Action,  Crime,  Youth","Adapted From A Webtoon, School Setting, Short Length Series, Slight Romance, Street Fight, Gang, Web Series, Student, School Bullying ","The story begins one year before ""Dokgo"" (before Kang Hyuk seeks revenge for his twin brother). Kang Hyuk and his mischievous friends meet Kim Gyu Soon and decide to help him protect his sister. Things escalate and Kang Hyuk and his friends end up fighting against high school delinquent gangs.~~ Adapted from the weboon “Dokgo Rewind” (독고 리와인드) written by Meen (오영석) and illustrated by Baek Seung Hoon (백승훈).",8.0,3459,20,"['Oh Se Hun', 'Kang Mi Na', 'Cho Byeong Kyu', 'Ahn Bo Hyun', 'Shin Won Ho', 'Kim Hee Jin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Oksusu,  Viki",Choi Eun Jong,"Lee Se Eun,  Oh Young Suk"
462,Fall for You,https://mydramalist.com/730121-the-world-you-are-missing,"Romance,  Youth,  Fantasy","Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Idol Female Lead, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, Fictional World, Multiple Mains, High School, Web Series ","A high-teen fantasy romance drama in which national idol Yoo Je Bi, who suffers from malicious comments, falls into romance novels and realizes the meaning of a new life.(Source: Korean = Naver || Translation = MyDramaList)",8.0,611,20,"['Nana', 'Kim Jae Won', 'Yoon Hyun Suk', 'Keum Dong Hyun', 'Ha Sun Ho', 'Won Young Wook']",G - All Ages,EBS,Kim Bo Ra,Shin So  Young
463,"I'm Sorry, I Love You",https://mydramalist.com/1146-im-sorry-i-love-you,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Revenge, Tearjerker, Terminal Illness, Star Crossed Lovers, Death, Homeless Male Lead, Singer Supporting Character, Actor/Actress Supporting Character, Adopted Male Lead, Brother-Sister Relationship ","Cha Moo Hyuk was adopted by an Australian family but was abused and left homeless at an early age. One day, he comes across Song Eun Chae, the coordinator for Choi Yune, a famous singer in Korea whom she is secretly in love with. Her fateful encounter with Moo Hyuk ends up affecting not only her life but that of her precious Yune as well.Because of an accident involving his ex-girlfriend, Moo Hyuk is left with 3 months to live. This leads him to head back to Korea in search of his biological mother. The discoveries he makes change his heart from longing to revenge. Even with all this darkness surrounding him, he finds an unexpected source of happiness with someone he did not expect to love.(Source: DramaWiki)",8.0,5495,16,"['Im Soo Jung', 'So Ji Sub', 'Jung Kyung Ho', 'Ok Go Woon', 'Seo Ji Young', 'Jung Ji Ahn']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Lee Hyung Min,Lee Kyung Hee
464,Unlock My Boss,https://mydramalist.com/707565-unlock-the-boss,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Comedy,  Fantasy","Teamwork, Adapted From A Webtoon, Company President (CEO) Male Lead, Investigation, Suspense, Information Technology (IT) Industry, Workplace Setting, Slight Romance, Nice Male Lead, Character Development ","As founder and CEO of one of the country’s largest IT companies, Kim Sun Joo is a name everyone knows. A true genius in his field, Sun Joo has everything in life going for him. But living at the top comes with its own set of challenges, and some would stop at nothing to bring him down. In this case, literally.Hunted down by an unknown killer, Sun Joo becomes the unfortunate victim of a senseless murder. But instead of leaving this life, Sun Joo’s spirit somehow takes up residence in his smartphone. Now trapped within his phone, Sun Joo might have spent an eternity there, had Park In Sung not stumbled upon it.A down-and-out university graduate unable to find a job, In Sung is shocked to find a phone inhabited by the spirit of Sun Joo. Taking advantage of the situation Sun Joo does his best to convince In Sung to help him; a task which becomes much easier once he mentions the hefty reward he’s willing to give In Sung in exchange for his services. Taking on the role of temporary CEO, In Sung steps into Sun Joo’s shoes at the company, much to the chagrin of his secretary, Jung Se Yeon. Working together in secret, will the two be able to find those responsible for Sun Joo’s death?(Source: Viki)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Unlock the Boss"" (사장님을 잠금해제) by Park Seong Hyun (박성현).",8.0,4979,12,"['Chae Jong Hyeop', 'Park Sung Woong', 'Seo Eun Soo', 'Heo Ji Na', 'Kim Sung Oh', 'Ahn Nae Sang']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,ENA,Lee Chul Ha,Kim Hyung Min
465,She Would Never Know,https://mydramalist.com/58511-sunbae-don-t-put-on-that-lipstick,"Business,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Male Chases Female First, Nice Male Lead, Mother-Daughter Relationship, Secret Relationship, Older Woman/Younger Man, Brother-Sister Relationship, Time Skip, Family Relationship, Rich Male Lead, Successful Female Lead ","Yoon Song Ah works as a marketer for a cosmetics brand. She enjoys her job and dreams of launching  her own brand someday.  Chae Hyun Seung is a fellow marketer who becomes attracted to Yoon Song Ah.  He tries to develop a romantic relationship but Yoon Song Ah rebuffs his advances, not wishing to date younger men.(Source: AsianWiki)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Senior, Don't Put on That Lipstick"" by Elise.",8.0,15702,16,"['Won Jin Ah', 'Rowoon', 'Lee Hyun Wook', 'Lee Joo Bin', 'Lee Kyu Han', 'Wang Bit Na']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"iQiyi,  jTBC",Lee Dong Yoon,Chae Yoon
466,Shut Up,https://mydramalist.com/3132-shut-up-flower-boy-band,"Music,  Romance,  Youth","Bromance, Band, Muse, Friendship, Student Supporting Character, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Neighbors' Relationship, Musician Male Lead, Teenager Supporting Character ","Byung Hee is the crazy, free-spirited leader and vocalist of the popular underground rock group, Eye Candy. Joining him is mood-maker Ji Hyuk, chic Hyun Soo, playboy Ha Jin, silent Do Il and baby-faced Kyung Jong. These boys rule their school until a redevelopment plan forces the delinquent-ridden school to close down. They're all assigned a transfer to Jung Sang High, but debate whether it's even worth returning to high school at all. However, due to an outside confrontation with Jung Sang's current ruling band, Strawberry Fields, Eye Candy decides to attend Jung Sang out of spite and rule the school once again.",8.0,18277,16,"['Sung Joon', 'Jo Bo Ah', 'Kim Myung Soo', 'Lee Hyun Jae', 'Kim Min Seok', 'Yoo Min Kyu']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Lee Kwon,Unknown
467,Tomorrow With You,https://mydramalist.com/18882-tomorrow-with-you,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama,  Supernatural","Time Travel, Time Manipulation, Steamy Kiss, Eccentric Female Lead, Successful Male Lead, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Adult Romance, Cold Man/Warm Woman, Affectionate Mains' Relationship, Love After Marriage ","Yoo So Joon is the successful CEO of a real estate company who has the ability to time travel when he takes the subway. Going back and forth in time, he sees his future self living a life of torment and unhappiness. To try to offset his doomed future, he decides to marry Song Ma Rin, a cheery photographer, even though he does not love her. Can Ma Rin help So Joon change his unhappy future?",8.0,16393,16,"['Lee Je Hoon', 'Shin Min Ah', 'Jo Han Chul', 'Kang Gi Doong', 'Park Joo Hee', 'Baek Hyun Jin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Yoo Je Won,Heo Sung Hye
468,Our Dating Sim,https://mydramalist.com/746073-our-dating-sim,"Business,  Romance","Gay Romance, Meet Again, LGBTQ+, Short Length Series, Long Time Crush, High School Crush, Illustrator Male Lead, Gay Male Lead, Ghosting, Miniseries ",A story about what happens when two men who have been friends since school days meet again at work and create a dating simulation game.(Source: Korean = movie.daum.net || Translation = MyDramaList),8.0,14595,8,"['Lee Seung Gyu', 'Lee Jong Hyuk', 'Yu Seong Yong', 'Jung Jin Woo', 'Sung Ryung', 'Park Si Young']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Unknown,Lim Hyun Hee,Lee Yun Seul
469,Dream High,https://mydramalist.com/79-dream-high,"Music,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","High School, School Bullying, Love Triangle, Character Development, Youth, Friends To Lovers, Multiple Mains, Cohabitation, Strong Female Lead, Weight Loss ","Dream High tells the story of six students at Kirin Art High School who work to achieve their dreams of becoming music stars in the Korean music industry. Go Hye Mi is a student who majored in classical music but has to give up her dream by entering Kirin Art High School to pay off her father's debt. However, she needs to get two other students to also come to the school in order for her to enroll in the school conditionally. These two students are Song Sam Dong, who lives in the countryside, and Jin Guk, whom she accidentally meets while trying to escape from a loan shark. Yoon Baek Hee, formerly Hyemi's sidekick, becomes her rival in school because Hye Mi betrays her during an audition to enter the school.",8.0,40826,16,"['Bae Suzy', 'Kim Soo Hyun', 'Ok Taec Yeon', 'Ham Eun Jung', 'Jang Woo Young', 'IU']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Lee Eung Bok,  Kim Seong Yoon",Park Hye Ryun
470,Chief of Staff,https://mydramalist.com/33061-the-president-s-aide,"Law,  Drama,  Political","Corruption, Workplace Setting, Death Of A Mother, Assemblyman Male Lead, Lawyer Female Lead, Competent Female Lead, Elections, National Assembly, Workplace Romance, Badass Male Lead ","Jang Tae Joon graduated from the Korean National Police University and worked as a detective. He wanted to gain more power and decided to work in the National Assembly. Now, he is the chief aide to a 4-time lawmaker. He has excellent intuition, cold-blooded decisiveness and a strong desire to win. He was able to place his lawmaker in the position of party representative, but Jang Tae Joon had higher ambitions.Meanwhile, Kang Sun Young is a first-year lawmaker who got elected through proportional representation and is a spokesperson for her party. She worked as a lawyer and hosted a current affairs TV program prior to becoming a lawmaker. She is ambitious and does her job well. Kang Sun Young has an awkward relationship with Jang Tae Joon, whose boss is a rival of the senior lawmaker who got her to become a proportional representation lawmaker. (Source: AsianWiki)",8.0,2191,10,"['Lee Jung Jae', 'Shin Min Ah', 'Kim Gab Soo', 'Lee Elijah', 'Kim Dong Jun', 'Jung Jin Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"jTBC,  Netflix",Kwak Jung Hwan,Lee Dae II
471,Heart Surgeons,https://mydramalist.com/29388-thoracic-surgery,"Action,  Life,  Drama,  Medical","Power Struggle, Smart Male Lead, Strong Female Lead, Bromance, Heart Transplant, Strong Male Lead, Smart Female Lead, Death, Hospital Setting, Surgeon Male Lead ","The series revolves around the thoracic surgery department of a hospital.Park Tae Soo is a thoracic surgery fellow for four years whose mother is waiting for a heart transplant. Meanwhile, Choi Suk Han is a thoracic surgeon who is renowned for his skills but has not been treated fairly due to his humble medical background from a local university.A mysterious woman, who had a near death experience, decides to become a resident of thoracic surgery.(Source: KoreanDrama.org)",8.0,1149,32,"['Go Soo', 'Uhm Ki Joon', 'Seo Ji Hye', 'Choi Dae Hoon', 'Nam Kyung Eup', 'Jang So Yeon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Jo Young Kwang,  Jung Dong Yoon","Choi Soo Jin,  Choi Chang Hwan"
472,Wok of Love,https://mydramalist.com/28256-greasy-melo,"Food,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Cooking, Cold Man/Warm Woman, Love Triangle, Eccentric Female Lead, Boss-Employee Relationship, Bromance, Hardworking Male Lead, Restaurant Setting, Steamy Kiss, Riches To Rags ","The series will take place in a Chinese restaurant. Chef Seo Poong, a chef who goes from being a star chef one day to the cook at a failing neighborhood Chinese restaurant the next.Dan Sae Woo, meaning “sweet shrimp”,  lives a life of privilege and leisure—she accepted no gifts on her wedding day because her father gave her a check for 300 million won, and she enjoys horseback riding and fencing. Her greatest moment in life happens to coincide with a random bowl of jajangmyun, which leads her to undergo a big change and begin a new life.(Source: DramaBeans)",8.0,12705,38,"['Lee Jun Ho', 'Jang Hyuk', 'Jung Ryeo Won', 'Lee Mi Sook', 'Park Ji Young', 'Jo Jae Yoon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Park Seon Ho,  Ham Joon Ho",Seo Sook Hyang
473,Twenty-Twenty,https://mydramalist.com/57791-twenty-twenty,"Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Coming Of Age, Controlling Parent, Mother-Daughter Relationship, Web Series, Cold Female Lead, Young Adult Female Lead, Young Adult Male Lead, Nice Male Lead, Multiple Mains, Calm Male Lead ","Being forced to live under the constant pressure of her mother’s unrealistic expectations and strict control, Chae Da Hee has spent her entire life miserable. Now as a university freshman, Da Hee hopes to find a freedom she’s never had before. Determined to make a fresh start at school, Da Hee is trying her best to do just that. But trying to be herself while still attempting to live up to everyone else’s expectations of her is proving to be a lot more difficult than she originally imagined.As if dealing with her mother’s overbearing nature wasn’t hard enough, it seems to Da Hee that even her friends are trying to tell her where to go and what to do. Unable to be herself or do what she wants, Da Hee is beginning to feel suffocated by those closest to her. As she struggles to find a way out, she finds a sympathetic soul in her classmate Lee Hyun Jin. With dreams of becoming a music producer, Hyun Jin is doing everything he can to turn those dreams into reality; but it isn’t easy when he has his own set of family problems to deal with.Connected by a shared pain, Da Hee and Hyun Jin find comfort in each other. But will the outside forces in their lives allow them to draw closer or will they ultimately tear them apart?(Source: Viki)",8.0,5078,20,"['Han Sung Min', 'Kim Woo Seok', 'Park Sang Nam', 'Kang Yu Chan', 'Chae Won Bin', 'Jin Ho Eun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"jTBC,  Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Han Soo Ji,Sung So Eun
474,A-Teen Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/33343-a-teen-season-2,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Multiple Mains, High School, Web Series, Multiple Couples, Exchange Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, Short Length Series ",Season 2 of “A-TEEN” will focus on the changes in the lives of the lead characters as they approach the ages of 18 and 19 (by Korean reckoning). The show will realistically showcase the conflicts and worries the characters will have ahead of what seems like the greatest hurdle in their lives—the college entrance exam. It will also realistically display the many choices they will make in the process of preparing for the exam.(Source: Soompi),8.0,7451,20,"['Lee Na Eun', 'Kim Dong Hee', 'Choi Bo Min', 'Kim Soo Hyun', 'Ryu Eui Hyun', 'Kang  Min Ah']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Han Soo Ji,Kim Sa Ra
475,Island Part 2,https://mydramalist.com/60739-ireland-season-2,"Action,  Thriller,  Horror,  Fantasy","Reincarnation, Demon/Monster Hunting, Immortal, Supernatural, Exorcism, Child Abuse, Catholicism, Island Setting, Exorcist Male Lead, Legend ","Won Mi Ho is the only child of a father who runs the Daehan Group. She is arrogant and selfish, but she also looks sad. One day, she makes big trouble. Because of this, her father banishes her to Jeju Island. She is assigned to work there as a high school teacher. She teaches ethics.Meanwhile, Won Mi Ho gets involved in a case related to ghosts. The ghosts have sought to get rid of the human world. They target Won Mi Ho. A mysterious ghost hunter tries to protect Won Mi Ho.(Source: AsianWiki)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Island"" (아일랜드) written by Yoon In Wan (윤인완) and illustrated by Yang Kyung Il (양경일).",8.0,5708,6,"['Kim Nam Gil', 'Lee Da Hee', 'Cha Eun Woo', 'Sung Joon', 'Go Doo Shim', 'Oh  Gwang Rok']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Amazon Prime,  TVING",Bae Jong,Jang Yoon Mi
476,The Universe’s Star,https://mydramalist.com/19950-star-of-the-universe,"Music,  Romance,  Drama,  Supernatural","Famous Lead/Common Lead, Singer Male Lead, Grim Reaper Female Lead, Web Series, Fan Female Lead, Idol Male Lead, Interspecies Romance, Rich Male Lead, First Love, Innocent Female Lead ","Byul is a female Grim Reaper whose job is to guide dead souls to the afterworld. When she meets her favorite singer Woo Joo, who is expected to die soon, she decides to save him. In the process, she discovers the light in her soul and learns about the importance of relationships in a drama that transcends space and time.(Source: MyDramaList)~~ Two versions available: 21 episodes (online) || 6 episodes (TV)",8.0,6621,21,"['Suho', 'Ji Woo', 'Yoon Jin Sol', 'Shin Hyun Soo', 'Na Hae Ryung', 'Go Gyu Pil']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"MBC,  Naver TV Cast",Kim Ji Hyun,Unknown
477,Take 1,https://mydramalist.com/733259-take-1,"Music,  Documentary","AKMU, Mamamoo, Miniseries ","""What if you could only leave one stage before you died?""""Take 1"" is Netflix's first Korean-language music-documentary series, which allows big-name artists to perform their last on-stage concert.(Source: en.yna.co.kr)",8.0,292,7,"['Sumi Jo', 'Lee Su Hyun', 'Lee Chan Hyuk', 'Im Jae Beom', 'Rain', 'Lena Park']",Not Yet Rated,Netflix,Unknown,Unknown
478,Pied Piper,https://mydramalist.com/15948-pied-piper,"Action,  Thriller,  Mystery,  Drama","Investigation, Resentment, Sensitive Female Lead, Orphan Female Lead, Scheme, Injustice, Smart Male Lead, Corruption, Strong Female Lead, Revenge ","Every day on the job is tense, dangerous and possibly lethal! But the dangerous situations are diffused without using force by the expert negotiator Joo Sung Chan, who leads the police department’s negotiation task force. The team handles the most dangerous, volatile and high-risk situations that jeopardize the lives of innocent people. Hostage crises, terrorist threats, and other major catastrophes await Sung Chan, Yeo Myung Ha and the other highly skilled team of negotiators when they come into work every day. Son Hee Sung is a thorn in their side as an aggressive broadcast journalist who tries to report on the many coverage-worthy events.",8.0,1116,16,"['Shin Ha Kyun', 'Jo Yoon Hee', 'Yoo  Joon Sang', 'Jeon Gook Hwan', 'Kim Jong Soo', 'Park Sung Geun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Kim Hong Seon,Ryu Yong Jae
479,Spring Turns to Spring,https://mydramalist.com/31562-spring-must-be-coming,"Business,  Comedy,  Drama,  Fantasy","Body Swap, Sismance, Sassy Female Lead, Smart Female Lead, Strong Female Lead, Eccentric Female Lead, Naive Female Lead, Infidelity, Revenge, Bromance ","Kim Bo Mi works as a TV news anchorwoman and she only cares about herself. Lee Bom was once a popular actress, but she is now a lawmaker's wife. She focuses only on taking care of her family. Somehow these two women switch bodies.(Source: AsianWiki)",8.0,1298,32,"['Lee Yoo Ri', 'Uhm Ji Won', 'Choi Byung Mo', 'Lee Jong Hyuk', 'Ahn Se Ha', 'Kim Nam Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Kim Sang Ho,  Park Seung Woo",Lee Hye Seon
480,Love Playlist,https://mydramalist.com/24372-love-playlist,"Romance,  Life,  Youth,  Drama","Miniseries, Web Series, Multiple Mains, Unrequited Love, Short Length Series, Love Triangle, University, Nice Female Lead, Older Woman/Younger Man, Male Chases Female First ",A story about the ups and downs of a normal life of five college students.,8.0,3790,8,"['Kim Hyung Suk', 'Jung Shin Hye', 'Lee Yoo Jin', 'Park Jung Woo', 'Choi Hui Seung', 'Im Hwi Jin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Unknown,Lee Seul
481,Shadow Detective Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/741811-shadow-detective-season-2,"Mystery,  Drama","Detective Fiction, Detective Male Lead, Miniseries, Investigation ","Unfolds the ultimate counterattack of veteran homicide detective Kim Taek Rok, who has returned to investigate the secret mastermind behind the blackmailer 'Friend'.(Source: Sports Chosun; edited by Krystale Mitaesa at MyDramaList)",8.0,340,8,"['Lee Sung Min', 'Jung Jin Young', 'Kyung Soo Jin', 'Lee Hak Joo', 'Kim Shin Rok', 'Joo Jin Mo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Disney+,  Hulu",Han Dong Hwa,"Song Jung Woo,  Hwang Seol Hun"
482,Less Than Evil,https://mydramalist.com/27403-luther,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Psychological,  Drama","Sense Of Culpability, Gaslighting, Wrongfully Accused, Smart Female Lead, Calm Female Lead, Smart Male Lead, Trauma, Tragic Past, Murder, Investigation ","It is a crime drama about the psychological games between a detective with a strong sense of justice but tormented by the crimes he solves, and a genius woman who is insensitive to her own death.(Source: IMDb)~~ Remake of the British TV series ""Luther"" [2010].",8.0,1152,32,"['Shin Ha Kyun', 'Lee Seol', 'Park Ho San', 'Kim Gun Woo', 'Cha Sun Woo', 'Hong Eun Hee']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),MBC,"Kim Dae Jin,  Lee Dong Hyun","Heo Joon Woo,  Kang Yi Hun"
483,Undercover,https://mydramalist.com/59121-undercover,"Action,  Thriller,  Mystery,  Crime","Corruption, Strong Female Lead, Double Identity, Political, Loving Husband, Strong Male Lead, Smart Female Lead, Family Relationship, Smart Male Lead, Hidden Identity ","Han Jung Hyun is an agent at the Agency for National Security Planning known for his extraordinary quickness and boldness. He is living with a hidden identity when, during a top-secret mission, he falls in love with Choi Yeon Soo and eventually marries her. Jung Hyun is living as an ordinary husband and father, a happy fool for his wife and two children. However, the secrets of his past get caught in an uncontrollable whirlwind when his wife becomes nominated for a high-ranking government post. This could unravel his tightly woven family, his single most precious priority.Choi Yeon Soo is a human rights lawyer who has lived for justice and truth, representing those who are weak and unfairly treated despite excelling throughout school and passing the bar exam at only 20. In recognition of her deep, steadfast beliefs and abilities, she becomes nominated as the first head of the Senior Civil Servant Corruption Investigations Unit. Little does she know that her new position will force her to face a shocking truth about the secretive past of her husband, the sole person she has unconditionally believed and trusted. A fierce battle begins with Jung Hyun as desperate to protect his family as Yeon Soo is to pursue justice from the huge forces that dominate and shake the country for profit. (Source: MyDramaList)~~ Remake of the British TV series ""Undercover"" [2016].",8.0,1379,16,"['Ji Jin Hee', 'Kim Hyun Joo', 'Yeon Woo Jin', 'Han Sun Hwa', 'Yoo Sun Ho', 'Lee Jae In']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,Song Hyun Wook,"Jung Hye Eun,  Song Ja Hun,  Baek Chul Hyun"
484,I Started Following Romance,https://mydramalist.com/33191-i-started-following-romance,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth","Social Media, Web Series, School Setting, Short Length Series, University, Miniseries, Student ","“I Started Following Romance” combines the love story of five men and women with various Instagram functions, such as DM (direct messaging), Instagram Story, comments, likes, hashtags, and more.(Source: Soompi)",8.0,365,10,"['Joo Eun', 'Kim Na Hyun', 'Choi Jung Woo', 'Choi Si Hun', 'Choi Jae Min']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Hong Chung Gi,Unknown
485,It's Okay to Be Sensitive Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/33232-it-s-okay-to-be-sensitive-2,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Sexual Harassment, Feminist Message, Miniseries, Web Series, Sismance, Workplace Setting, Female Centered Plot, Office Worker Female Lead, Hardship, Supportive Male Lead ",The story revolves around 3 new interns in the Sengse Group's marketing department and the challenges they face related to gender discrimination both in and out of the office. This is the second season of a web series that brings awareness to gender issues.,8.0,937,10,"['Yoo Hye In', 'Lee Shin Young', 'Jung Hye Rin', 'Kim Min Seo', 'Park Sun Jae', 'Ahn Shi Eun']",Not Yet Rated,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Unknown,Choi Sun Mi
486,So I Married an Anti-Fan,https://mydramalist.com/30519-so-i-married-an-anti-fan,"Music,  Comedy,  Romance","Enemies To Lovers, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Famous Lead/Common Lead, Misunderstanding, Rich Male Lead, Strong Female Lead, Adapted From A Novel, Entertainment Industry, Sassy Female Lead, Entertainment Agency ","Hoo Joon is a top star and Geun Young is a magazine reporter who both attend a club’s opening night. There, Young witnesses Joon's violent behavior and accidentally vomits on him. Young loses her job and is convinced that Joon has to be behind her firing. She retaliates by demonstrating in front of Joon’s management office, where her picketing eventually garners some media attention and the anti-fan label. A producer approaches her about participating in a reality TV show whose premise is that of a celebrity living with their anti-fan. Unemployed, she jumps at the opportunity.  Meanwhile, Joon is offered the same show and accepts, thinking that it could only improve his image. When filming begins, Joon and Young try to give each other a hard time on set, only to fall head over heels for one another.(Source: MyDramaList)~~ Adapted from the novel ""So I Married an Anti-fan"" (그래서 나는 안티팬과 결혼했다) by Kim Eun Jung (김은정).",8.0,22527,16,"['Choi  Tae Joon', 'Choi Soo Young', 'Hwang Chan Sung', 'Han Ji An', 'Kim Min Gue', 'Kim Min Kyo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Amazon Prime,  iQiyi,  Naver TV Cast,  Viki,  vLive",Kang Cheol Woo,"Kim Eun Jung,  Nam Ji Yeon"
487,"Seo Yeong, My Daughter",https://mydramalist.com/5101-seo-yeong-my-daughter,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Brother-Sister Relationship, Father-Daughter Relationship, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Warm Man/Cold Woman, Soap Opera, Cold Man/Warm Woman, Love Triangle, Heir Male Lead, Family ","This drama will tell the story of a father who separates from his daughter, their love, hate and reconciliation. Seo Young is a tough woman who tries to escape the harsh life of poverty with a strong passion for gaining success, overcoming her lower status and rising in society. On the road to fulfilling her dream, she cuts ties with her poor family and incompetent father, who still loves his daughter despite her bitterness.",8.0,1911,50,"['Chun Ho Jin', 'Lee Bo Young', 'Lee Sang Yoon', 'Park Hae Jin', 'Choi Yoon Young', 'Choi Jung Woo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Yoo Hyun Ki,So Hyun Kyung
488,Real,https://mydramalist.com/55811-real-time-love-2,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Childhood Friends' Relationship, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, Short Length Series, Fake Relationship, Miniseries, High School ","Continuation of the web drama ""Love in Real Time"". Hong Yun tries to stop rumors of her breaking up with Hae Jin, but it isn't easy to deal with. In despair, the girl asks her friend Ye Chan to pretend to be her boyfriend and he has to agree, because he has been accustomed to protecting his friend since childhood and cannot now leave her in trouble.",8.0,952,8,"['Park Si Young', 'Choi Hyun Wook', 'Lee Eun Soo', 'Kim Gun', 'Heo Won Seo', 'Park Ji Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,vLive,Unknown,Unknown
489,My Husband Got a Family,https://mydramalist.com/3391-my-husband-got-a-family,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","Ex-spouse Relationship, Married Life, Grandma-Grandson Relationship, Family Reunion, Family Relationship, Baking, Multiple Mains, Infidelity, Mother-Son Relationship, Father-Daughter Relationship ","Cha Yoon Hee is a successful TV drama producer, who has been afraid of having in-laws, specifically a mother-in-law. Because of this, Yoon Hee has decided to look for a guy who isn't closely connected to his family, and if she couldn't find such a guy, she was planning on staying single.Finally, Yoon Hee meets Terry, a doctor with a sweet personality who has no recollections of his real parents and was adopted by a couple in America as a young child. Yoon Hee's marriage life seems all set. But her marital bliss is shattered when her husband finds his birth parents and they happen to be her next-door neighbors with whom she bickers on a daily basis, and feature not one, but three sisters-in-law, and the usual array of aunts and in-laws.",8.0,1067,58,"['Kim Nam Joo', 'Yoo  Joon Sang', 'Youn Yuh Jung', 'Kang Boo Ja', 'Jang Yong', 'Yang Jung Ah']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Kim Hyoung Seok,Park Ji Eun
490,Where Your Eyes Linger,https://mydramalist.com/59839-before-your-eyes-stop,"Romance,  Youth,  Drama,  Melodrama","LGBTQ+, Rich Male Lead, Secret Crush, Long Time Friends, Miniseries, Disapproving Parent, Clingy Male Lead, Cohabitation, Bisexual Male Lead, Childish Male Lead ","Meet Han Tae Joo, the 18 year-old student and successor to the TB Group. Blessed with a wealthy family, good looks and popularity, he has few worries. Kang Gook, his thoughtful childhood friend, is physically strong and is  trained in different martial arts disciplines. Tae Joo is Kang Gook’s only friend. Tae Joo trusts Kang Gook and feels at ease around him.  Tension erupts between them when a new female student, Hye Mi, shows interest in Kang Gook. As the two go on a date, Han Tae Joo becomes irritated, and soon after, long-suppressed emotions start surfacing. Could there be more to their platonic friendship?(Source: Shannon0l0 at MyDramaList)",8.0,31233,8,"['Han Gi Chan', 'Jang Eui Soo', 'Choi Yeon Cheong', 'Jung Seo In', 'Jeon Jae Yeong', 'Cheon Seung Ho']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Viki,Hwang Da Seul,Unknown
491,Brain Works,https://mydramalist.com/728207-brain-collaboration,"Mystery,  Comedy","Crime Solving Duo, Polar Opposites, Teamwork, Aggressive Male Lead, Investigation, Smart Male Lead, Murder, Rich Male Lead, Psychology, Police Department Setting ","Shin Ha Ru works as a neuroscientist. He comes from a family that has had doctors for 3 generations and he is wealthy from inherited property. Shin Ha Ru is a confident person who acts and speaks according to his convictions, but he has no mercy for people he views as scum.Geum Myung Se works as a detective. He acts and speaks surly around people, which causes people unfamiliar with him to assume he might be a corrupt cop. In reality, Geum Myung Se is a kind and righteous detective. He was also once married to Kim Mo Ran. She has a particularly strong libido.Shin Ha Ru and Geum Myung Se solve criminal cases together with help of Hypnotic Investigator Seol So Jung.(Source: Asianwiki)",8.0,1562,16,"['Jung Yong Hwa', 'Cha Tae Hyun', 'Kwak Sun Young', 'Ye Ji Won', 'Jung Dong Hwan', 'Woo Hyun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Lee Jin Seo,Park Kyung Soon
492,"Hello, Me!",https://mydramalist.com/61327-hi,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Fantasy","Hardworking Female Lead, Time Travel, Adapted From A Novel, Nice Female Lead, Male Chases Female First, Unlucky Female Lead, Airhead Male Lead, Mother-Daughter Relationship, Older Woman/Younger Man, Second Chance ","Miserable and unsuccessful, Ban Ha Ni, a single 37-year-old woman who is generally servile and timid, thinks she's lost all her spark. Holding only a temporary position at her work, she’s fearful of being let go at any moment, and considering her current lack of security, she also does not want to remain single. She lives her life like that going about it day by day, until one day, her spunky younger self appears in front of her demanding change. Her 17-year-old version of herself travels from the past to meet her current self, and the 17-year-old Ha Ni is nothing like the current 37-year-old Ha Ni. Bright and optimistic, she's the complete opposite of what Ha Ni is like today. (Source: Netflix, AsianWiki; MyDramaList)",8.0,7561,16,"['Choi Kang Hee', 'Kim Young Kwang', 'Lee Re', 'Eum Moon Suk', 'Kim Yoo Mi', 'Ji Seung Hyun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"KBS2,  Netflix",Lee Hyun Suk,Yoo Song Yi
493,"Poong, the Joseon Psychiatrist Season 2",https://mydramalist.com/737319-poong-the-joseon-psychiatrist-season-2,"Historical,  Mystery,  Romance,  Medical","Doctor Female Lead, Doctor Male Lead, Traditional Medicine, Found Family, Historical Fiction, Psychiatry, Slow Romance, Joseon Dynasty, Investigation, Slight Comedy ","Once a royal physician, Yoo Se Poong was ousted from the palace after his involvement in a conspiracy surrounding the royal family. With nowhere else to go, Se Poong eventually found himself in the strange yet beautiful village of Gyesu. It was there he met Seo Eun Woo and Gye Ji Han and his life was changed forever.With the help of his new friends, Se Poong began to grow as both a physician and a human. Learning how to not only treat the body but also the heart and minds of his patients, Se Poong successfully fulfilled his mission to become a true doctor. Or so he thought. With new patients and new challenges before him, Se Poong must once again set out on a quest to better both himself and the lives of those around him.Using his unorthodox methods to treat his patients, both mentally and physically, will Se Poong’s new adventures lead him to an even deeper understanding of both the heart and the mind?(Source: Viki)~~ Adapted from the novel ""Joseon Psychiatrist Yoo Se Pung"" (조선 정신과 의사 유세풍) by Lee Eun So (이은소).",8.0,1234,10,"['Kim Min Jae', 'Kim Hyang Gi', 'Kim Sang Kyung', 'Kang Young Seok', 'Woo Da Vi', 'Ahn Chang Hwan']",Not Yet Rated,tvN,"Park Won Gook,  Kang Hee Ju",Lee Bom
494,V.I.P,https://mydramalist.com/33008-v-i-p,"Mystery,  Business,  Romance,  Melodrama","Infidelity, Strong Female Lead, Boss-Employee Relationship, Multiple Mains, Sexual Harassment, Extramarital Affair, Conglomerate, Mother-Daughter Relationship, Investigation, Father-Daughter Relationship ","VIP is a drama that seeks to find an answer in the secretive relationships we hold in today’s society. Jung Sun is a competent and successful career woman who works as a deputy manager at Sung Woon Department Store. Her job as a member of the VIP Management Team is to satisfy their top one percent of customers who are the special VIPs and VVIPs. Not only is she professional at work, but she has a happy household with a wonderful husband, Sung Jun. However, one day she receives an anonymous text message. It says that her romantic husband is having an affair with someone at the office. Anxious to lose everything she has, she desperately studies the office and her co-workers to find out the woman Sung Jun is seeing. In the course of events, secrets behind each of the workers at the VIP Management Team are revealed. Will Jung Sun find out the truth behind the anonymous text message?(Source: Viu)",8.0,4471,32,"['Jang Na Ra', 'Lee Sang Yoon', 'Lee Chung Ah', 'Kwak Sun Young', 'Pyo Ye Jin', 'Shin Jae Ha']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Lee Jung Rim,Cha Hye Won
495,Once Upon a Small Town,https://mydramalist.com/705675-country-diary-by-chance,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life","Countryside Setting, Veterinarian Male Lead, Police Officer Female Lead, Childhood Acquaintances Reuniting, Village Setting, Childhood Acquaintance, Death Of A Mother, Death Of A Father, Cheerful Female Lead, Orphan Female Lead ","Han Ji Yool works as a veterinarian in Seoul. One day, he receives a phone call from his grandfather. His grandfather doesn’t mention specifics, but his voice sounds serious. Han Ji Yool decides to go to Heedong Village, where his grandfather lives and runs an animal clinic. There, Han Ji Yool meets police officer Ahn Ja Young. It turns out his grandfather is actually touring Europe. According to the note left by his grandfather, Han Ji Yool has to take over his grandfather’s animal clinic for a half year, while his grandfather is away.Even when Ahn Ja Young was preparing for her test to become a police officer, she wanted to work as a police officer in Heedong Village, where she grew up. She is usually the first one to appear and provide help to residents in need. She helps Han Ji Yool solve inconveniences related to his daily life in the village and they develop a romantic relationship.(Source: AsianWiki)",8.0,12654,12,"['Joy', 'Choo Young Woo', 'Baek Sung Chul', 'Ha Yul Ri', 'Jung Suk Yong', 'Baek Ji Won']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Daum Kakao TV,Kwon Seok Jang,Unknown
496,Family's Honor,https://mydramalist.com/1125-familys-honor,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Rich Family, Trauma, Multiple Couples, Older Man/Younger Woman, Cold Man/Warm Woman, Bickering Mains' Relationship, Widow Female Lead, Widower Male Lead, Hardship, Age Gap [Drama Life] ","Ha Dan Ah is very dignified and beautiful yet she also had a sad life. Dan Ah was married in her 20's, but her husband died in a car accident during their honeymoon. She is pursued by two men, a man from a new rich family, Lee Kang Suk, and a man who is younger than her, Jung Hyun Kyu. The drama chronicles how the Ha Family upholds their aristocratic reputation, after Dan Ah's older brothers, the quiet and serious Soo Yeong, and the wild and irresponsible Tae Yeong, decide to get divorced and later find new loves and their widowed father decides to marry his girlfriend Lee Yeong In.(Source: DramaWiki)",8.0,827,54,"['Park Shi Hoo', 'Yoon Jung Hee', 'Kim Sung Min', 'Jeon Noh Min', 'Lee Hyun Jin', 'Shin Goo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Park Young Soo,Jung Ji Woo
497,Secret Mother,https://mydramalist.com/28325-secret-mother,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Psychological,  Drama","Suspense, Family, Doctor Female Lead, Memory Manipulation, Crime Against Children, Housewife Bullying, Motherhood, Disappearance, Elementary School, Hidden Identity ","This is a drama based on women who live in Daechi-dong, the center of child education. Kim Yoon Jin has been living comfortably with her husband’s care, but to provide a better education for her son, she decides to hire a child sitter. Lisa Kim is a highly educated child sitter, who teaches and guides children to enter a good school, but still her hot temper does not suit her title as a child sitter. Along with Yoon Jin, mothers in Daechi-dong go through hard times as secrets of each mother get revealed with Lisa Kim’s appearance in the town.(Source: Viu)",8.0,787,32,"['Song Yoon Ah', 'Kim So Yeon', 'Song Jae Rim', 'Kim Tae Woo', 'Cha Hwa Yun', 'Yeom Ji Yoon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Park Yong Soon,Hwang Ye Jin
498,Dinner Mate,https://mydramalist.com/14028-lets-have-dinner-together,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","Ex-Boyfriend Comes Back, Ex-girlfriend Comes Back, Adapted From A Webtoon, Love Square, Bright Female Lead, Strong Female Lead, Smart Male Lead, Healing, Psychiatry, Misunderstanding ","A young woman going through a rough breakup with a long-time boyfriend and a man who had a painful first love, meet unexpectedly on Jeju Island. Upon their return to  Seoul they remain acquainted due to their shared love of food and trying out new cuisines. When they dine out, they keep their private lives to themselves, not even disclosing their names. Due to a series of odd coincidences they find themselves meeting in unexpected situations. Or is fate sending them a message? (Source: MyDramaList)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Would You Like To Have Dinner Together?"" (저녁 같이 드실래요?) by Park Shi In (박시인).",8.0,7527,32,"['Song Seung Heon', 'Seo Ji Hye', 'Lee Ji Hoon', 'Son Na Eun', 'Ye Ji Won', 'Kim Seo Kyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"iQiyi,  MBC","Go Jae Hyun,  Park Bong Sub",Kim Joo
499,The Boy Next Door,https://mydramalist.com/22187-the-boy-next-door,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth","Web Series, Adapted From A Webtoon, Misunderstanding, Bromance, Cohabitation, Mistaken As LGBTQ+, Short Length Series, Parody, Inner Monologue, Homoerotic Subtext ","College students Park Kyu Tae and Sung Gi Jae are two awkward neighbours with a small disliking towards each other. After an accident, the two boys move in together. They soon figure out that they're both friends with Kim Min Ah. The two end up in hilarious, awkward situations that lead Min Ah and her closeted boyfriend to believe they are gay. (Source: MyDramaList)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Handsome Man"" (썸남) by Bae Chul Wan (배철완).",8.0,12383,15,"['Choi  Woo Shik', 'Jang Ki Yong', 'Jang Hee Ryung', 'Yoon Jung Il', 'Lee Byung Joon', 'Jang Yoo Sang']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Choi Woo Joo
500,Joseon Attorney,https://mydramalist.com/727983-joseon-lawyer,"Historical,  Law,  Romance,  Drama","Joseon Dynasty, Revenge, Adapted From A Webtoon, Princess Female Lead, Injustice, Lawyer Male Lead, Lawsuit, Historical Fiction, Orphan Male Lead, Double Identity ","Kang Han Su is a devious lawyer who meticulously plans his lawsuits and exploits the emotions of his clients for personal gain. However, as he unintentionally gains a reputation as a hero and problem solver among the common people, he begins to see the value in seeking true justice. Over time, Kang Han Su matures into a just and ethical lawyer. One of his clients, Yi Yun Ju, initially hires him to seek revenge but ultimately becomes a supporter of his mission to uphold the law and defend the innocent. This transformation reflects Kang Han Su's growth as a legal professional and as a person.(Source: Soompi; Naver; edited by CK Warrior at MyDramaList)~~ Adapted from the webtoon “Joseon Lawyer” (조선변호사) written by Jeongjae & Shim Gun (정작가&심군).",8.0,2641,16,"['Woo Do Hwan', 'Bona', 'Cha Hak Yeon', 'Lee Kyu Sung', 'Shin Dong Mi', 'Chun Ho Jin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Lee Han Joon,  Kim Seung Ho","Choi Jin Young,  Jung Ho Rak"
501,"Poong, the Joseon Psychiatrist",https://mydramalist.com/715271-joseon-psychiatrist-yoo-se-poong,"Historical,  Mystery,  Romance,  Medical","Trauma, Psychiatry, Village Setting, Widow Female Lead, Doctor Female Lead, Doctor Male Lead, Historical Fiction, Attempted Suicide, Mental Illness, Slow Burn Romance ","Yoo Se Poong’s legendary abilities as a physician are well-known in the royal palace. Nonetheless, he was expelled from the royal court when his involvement in a conspiracy against the royal family came to light.  He moves and begins work in the strange but beautiful Gyesu Village.There he meets Kye Ji Han, Sorak Village’s grumpy old doctor with a heart of gold. Upon the encounter with Yoo Se Poong,  Kye Ji Han is motivated to transform the young doctor into one who heals hearts. Another resident of the village is Seo Eun Woo, who hails from a noble family and has keen observational skills and deep empathy. Now a widow, she mirrors the stories of the heartbroken. She feels wronged by her sudden marriage and is about to become an unwilling wife who stays virtuous to a deceased husband. (Source: MyDramaList)~~ Adapted from the novel ""Joseon Psychiatrist Yoo Se Pung"" (조선 정신과 의사 유세풍) by Lee Eun So (이은소).",8.0,2920,12,"['Kim Min Jae', 'Kim Hyang Gi', 'Kim Sang Kyung', 'Yoo Sung Joo', 'Jung Won Chang', 'Kim Soo An']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,"Park Won Gook,  Kang Hee Ju",Lee Bom
502,One Fine Week,https://mydramalist.com/45805-one-fine-week,Romance,"Café Setting, Short Length Series, Doppelganger, Mental Illness, Secret Relationship, Trauma, Identity Swap, Scopophobia, Miniseries, Student Female Lead ","Da Eun, a college student who is still finding her career path, becomes Byul, who has been a singer since she was young. Da Eun spends time with a celebrity named Jung Woo and experiences the dreamy life of luxury while also seeing its dark side. Byul also experiences the preciousness of everyday life, something she hasn’t felt in a while, as she becomes a clumsy part-timer at a café with Ji Han and Ari.(Source: Viki)",8.0,4270,10,"['Seo Ji Soo', 'Shin Jun Seop', 'Park Geon Il', 'Park Seo Yeon', 'Jeong Seon Yul', 'Park Bo Yeon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Kang Dong Hee,Jung Ah Ra
503,Queen of Mystery Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/24393-queen-of-mystery-2,"Action,  Mystery,  Comedy,  Drama","Slight Romance, Best Friends' Relationship, Police Department Setting, Housewife Female Lead, Detective Male Lead, Investigator Female Lead, Badass Male Lead, Badass Female Lead, Crime Solving Duo, Orphan Female Lead ",Queen of Mystery is back! Housewife-turned-investigator Yoo Seol Ok and passionate detective Wan Seung collaborate to solve mysterious cases and cure the hearts of those who were wounded by crimes along the way.(Source: KBS World),8.0,1991,16,"['Kwon Sang Woo', 'Choi Kang Hee', 'Park Byung Eun', 'Lee Da Hee', 'Oh Min Suk', 'Kim Hyun Sook']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Yoo Young Eun,  Choi Yoon Seok",Lee Sung Min
504,"That Winter, the Wind Blows",https://mydramalist.com/5200-that-winter-the-wind-blows,"Romance,  Crime,  Melodrama","Fake Incest, Stolen Identity, Deception, Male Chases Female First, Playboy Male Lead, Hidden Identity, Separation At Birth, Rich Female Lead, Flashback To Past, Conglomerate ","Abandoned by his mother as a child and raised by the Park family, Oh Soo is a notorious gambler in the neighborhood of Cheongdam. After the death of his first love, he is left heartbroken and cold, not caring about anybody else. Soo is then thrown into prison following the unexpected death of his friend who shares his name.A year later, Soo meets lawyer Jang Sung, who came looking for the deceased Oh Soo, the heir of PL Group. When he is given 3 months to pay or die, Soo uses this opportunity to con the last remaining heir of the PL Group, Oh Young, to pay his debt. While pretending to be the deceased brother who was separated from his sister after their parents' divorce, Soo starts falling in love with the blind Oh Young.(Source: MyDramaList)",7.9,17307,16,"['Zo In Sung', 'Song Hye Kyo', 'Kim Bum', 'Jung Eun Ji', 'Kim Tae Woo', 'Kim Young Hoon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Kim Kyu Tae,Noh Hee Kyung
505,Something in the Rain,https://mydramalist.com/25173-pretty-noona-who-buys-me-food,"Romance,  Life,  Drama,  Melodrama","Family Pressure, Steamy Kiss, Workplace Abuse, Nice Male Lead, Forbidden Love, Older Woman/Younger Man, Sexual Harassment, Male Chases Female First, Disapproving Parent, Selfish Mother ","Yoon Jin Ah is a woman in her mid-30s who doesn’t know yet what it’s like to date a man. She’s been dumped by a man many times because of her clumsy, reckless, and foolish behavior. And again, a man she wanted to marry dumps her for the worst reason ever: that she’s like bland, tasteless devil's-tongue jelly, which means she’s not attractive at all as a woman.Just then, Joon Hee appears before her with a broad smile on his face. He’s as refreshing as a soft drink. Joon Hee is Jin Ah’s childhood friend's younger brother, who used to live next door. Jin Ah has always remembered him as a little kid, but one day, he comes back as a really masculine man. When she is surprised by his change, her gut feeling tells her that she would truly fall in love this time.(Source: JTBC)",7.9,28720,16,"['Son Ye Jin', 'Jung Hae In', 'Jang So Yeon', 'Jung Eugene', 'Lee Joo Young', 'Lee Hwa Ryong']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"jTBC,  Netflix",Ahn Pan Seok,Kim Eun
506,Goodbye to Goodbye,https://mydramalist.com/28051-parting-life,"Romance,  Life,  Drama,  Melodrama","Useless Father, Motherhood, Smart Female Lead, Unexpected Pregnancy, Depression, Childbirth, Infidelity, Mother-Daughter Relationship, Strong Female Lead, Sismance ","Young Hee is a woman who separated from her husband Sang Jin because he cheated on her. One day, Jung Hyo, a pregnant woman whose boyfriend ask her to abort the child, starts living with Young Hee, her boyfriend's mother. Although they fight often, they also come to understand one another.(Source: MyDramaList)",7.9,1434,40,"['Chae Shi Ra', 'Jo Bo Ah', 'Lee Jun Young', 'Lee Sung Jae', 'Jung Hye Young', 'Jung Woong In']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Kim Min Shik,  Noh Young Sub",So Jae Won
507,The Great Shaman Ga Doo Shim,https://mydramalist.com/698573-shaman-girl-ga-doo-shim,"Mystery,  Romance,  Youth,  Supernatural","Ghost-seeing Female Lead, Ghost, Shamanism, Strong Female Lead, High School, Ghost-seeing Male Lead, Vengeful Ghost, Brave Female Lead, Evil Spirit, Supernatural Phenomena ","Na Woo Soo is the very picture of high school perfection: He comes from a wealthy family, is outstandingly handsome, is every teacher’s favorite student at Seoul’s most prestigious high school, and unfailingly tops the class with his sky-high grades. But his life is about to turn on its head: The student with the lowest grades in his class is found dead in what at first appears to have been a suicide, and a girl named Ga Doo Shim transfers into his class.Ga Doo Shim longs to be a run-of-the-mill high schooler, but she is fated to become a mighty, evil spirit-chasing shaman. The only problem is she struggles to see spirits, both evil and benevolent. Her grandmother once told her that if she could survive being 18, she would be able to live a normal life. But the death of the student with low grades soon turns out to have a supernatural link. And furthermore, she soon learns that Na Woo Soo has suddenly gained the ability to see spirits. Together, they realize, they have the power to fight back against the powers of evil, which are now threatening to overrun the school. But could their ghost-busting partnership one day blossom into romance?(Source: Viki)",7.9,7911,12,"['Kim Sae Ron', 'Nam  Da Reum', 'Yoo Sun Ho', 'Moon Sung Geun', 'Yoon Seok Hwa', 'Bae Hae Seon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Daum Kakao TV,  Viki",Park Ho Jin,Unknown
508,The Last Empress,https://mydramalist.com/31193-an-empress-s-dignity,"Action,  Thriller,  Mystery,  Romance","Revenge, Hidden Identity, Double Identity, Murder, Character Development, Suspense, Gaslighting, Brainwashing, Alternate Reality, Unrequited Love ","Set in an alternate universe, in which Korea is a constitutional monarchy in 2018, Oh Sunny is a bright and vivacious musical actress who marries the emperor. She becomes involved in the palace power struggle and a mysterious murder that sets off events that threaten the monarchy itself, while searching for true love and happiness. She teams up with Na Wang Shik who works as a bodyguard for the imperial family in order to uncover the crimes of the Imperial family. Na Wang Shik started working in the palace to take revenge on the person responsible for his mother’s death.(Source: MyDramaList)",7.9,9651,52,"['Jang Na Ra', 'Shin Sung Rok', 'Choi Jin Hyuk', 'Lee Elijah', 'Shin Eun Kyung', 'Yoon So Yi']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Joo Dong Min,Kim Soon Ok
509,Family,https://mydramalist.com/5149-family,"Comedy,  Romance,  Sitcom","Multiple Couples, Airhead Female Lead, Smart Female Lead, Mother-Daughter Relationship, Male Chases Female First, Strong Female Lead, School Setting, Neighbors' Relationship, Tomboy Female Lead, Sisters' Relationship ","Shut Up Family is a sitcom dealing with the life and happenings of two families; the Woo family, lead by Woo Shin Hye and the Yeol family, lead by Yeol Suk Hwan Woo Shin Hye is divorced but she and her beautiful but unintelligent daughters remain filthy rich thanks to their beauty salon. Yeol Suk Hwan is a single dad to a poor but hard working family of two sons and a smart but ugly daughter. Things start to get out of hand when Woo Shin Hye and Yeol Suk Hwan decide to get married and their different families clash.",7.9,430,120,"['Ahn Suk Hwan', 'Hwang Shin Hye', 'Park Ji Yoon', 'Park Hee Bon', 'Kim Da Som', 'Choi  Woo Shik']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Choi Sung Bum,"Lee Jung Sun,  Seo Jae Won"
510,Never Give Up,https://mydramalist.com/695713-it-is-not-required,"Comedy,  Life,  Drama","Heartwarming, Businessman Male Lead, Entrepreneur Male Lead, Genius Male Lead, Multi-Generational, Bromance, Business, Friendship ","Depicts the bromance of Goo Pil Soo, a breadwinner in his 40s who dreams for his second heyday, and Jung Seok, a genius in his 20s who dreams of his own start-up company. The drama will realistically portray relatable stories, including the recent social and education problems and the employment and start-up wars. At the same time, it will draw a harmony between different generations and create a warm comedy drama that everyone can sympathize with and watch comfortably.(Source: Soompi)",7.9,568,16,"['Yoon Doo Joon', 'Kwak Do Won', 'Han Go Eun', 'Park Won Sook', 'Jung Dong Won', 'Kim Young Woong']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"ENA,  Genie TV",Choi Do Hoon,"Son Geun Joo,  Lee Hae Ri"
511,Missing You,https://mydramalist.com/5364-missing-you,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Tragic Past, Love Triangle, First Love, Double Identity, Nice Male Lead, School Bullying, Childish Male Lead, Mad Dog, Love At First Sight, Rape ","15-year-old  Soo Yeon is a victim of bullying at school. They target her because her father is a murderer. Soo Yeon has an ally named Jung Woo, who always protects her from the bullies. Soo Yeon and Jung Woo are in love, but due to an unexpected accident, they become separated. Now as adults, they meet again through destiny.Jung Woo is now a detective, and his first love has always remained in the back of his mind. Soo Yeon is now a rookie fashion designer who tries to have a bright personality but still carries emotional scars inside of her. Hyung Joon is Soo Yeon's lover, who appears warm and nice, but he will try to take vengeance upon Jung Woo.(Source: MyDramaList)",7.9,13433,21,"['Yoon Eun Hye', 'Park Yoo Chun', 'Yoo Seung Ho', 'Kim So Hyun', 'Yeo Jin Goo', 'Jin Hyuk']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Park Jae Bum,Moon Hee Jung
512,Falsify,https://mydramalist.com/23217-falsify,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Law","Nice Male Lead, Smart Male Lead, Corruption, Revenge, Poor Male Lead, Strong Male Lead, Strong Female Lead, Tragic Past, Lying, Attempted Murder ","In modern society, journalism has lost its integrity, and journalists who focus on the facts have disappeared. However, we've seen that there are still journalists who seek the truth, and if there is at least one person who is willing to look, the truth will come out from the darkness. Here we have two journalists. One is a ""media jackal"", a journalist who will write any story, fact or fiction, in order to get views, and the other is a ""vegetative journalist"" who hasn't been able to write a single article for five years. These two journalists, with the help of a prosecutor work together in order to seek the truth.",7.9,1722,32,"['Namkoong Min', 'Yoo  Joon Sang', 'Uhm Ji Won', 'Jeon Hye Bin', 'Moon Sung Geun', 'Kim Kang Hyun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Lee Jung Heum,Kim Hyun Jung
513,Last,https://mydramalist.com/14343-last,"Action,  Thriller,  Crime","Loan Shark Supporting Character, Chairman/Chairwoman Supporting Character, Homeless Male Lead, Thug Supporting Character, Secretary Supporting Character, Criminal Supporting Character, Nurse Supporting Character, Underworld, Social Issues, Death ","Fund manager Jang Tae Ho is a cocky but skilled stock manipulator, who is used to getting things done his way. But when he fails at a scheme worth 35 billion won, his life is in danger as a notorious moneylender, Mr. Jung, hunts him down for losing his 7 billion won. Broke and in hiding, Tae Ho joins the hungry and homeless on the streets around Seoul Station, dreaming of returning to his normal life, until he unexpectedly discovers its 10 billion Korean Won underground economy. The pecking order among the homeless at Seoul Station is stacked like a pyramid. All the money collected from begging to selling personal identities and organs flows up the 7 levels of ringleaders to “Number One”, Kwak Heung Sam, who reigns at the top. Tae-ho decides to take down each level’s ringleader and conquer the hierarchy at Seoul Station with wit, fists, and guts. Will he be able to recover the 10 billion won and return to normal life again?(Source: JTBC)",7.9,1284,16,"['Yoon Kye Sang', 'Lee Bum Soo', 'Seo Yea Ji', 'Park Won Sang', 'Park Ye Jin', 'Gu Jae Yi']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,"Jo Nam Gook,  Kim Sang Ho",Han Ji Hoon
514,Love Tractor,https://mydramalist.com/722885-a-tractor-loaded-with-love,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life","Countryside Setting, Gay Male Lead, Gay Romance, Nice Male Lead, Adapted From A Webtoon, Farmer Male Lead, Innocent Male Lead, LGBTQ+, Lively Male Lead, Kind Male Lead ","Seon Yul, a temporarily relocated city man, meets Ye Chan, a rural man who adores the countryside. Seon Yul comes to the countryside to experience life knowing nothing about farming and Ye Chan appears before him. As Seon Yul learns to adapt to rural living and engage in farming activities, he becomes increasingly attracted to Ye Chan's sincerity and enthusiasm. Together, the two embark on a chaotic and romantic countryside journey of healing and love. (Source: iQIYI)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Love Tractor"" (트랙터는 사랑을 싣고) written by Hmm Yong Yong (흠념뇸) and illustrated by AngryMonster (앵몬).",7.9,6862,8,"['Do Won', 'Yoon Do Jin', 'Yang Seung Bin', 'Kim Do Yeon', 'Oh Chang Kyung', 'Baek Song Hee']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Unknown,Yang Kyung Hee,Unknown
515,"Smile, You",https://mydramalist.com/138-smile-you,"Comedy,  Romance","Cohabitation, Nice Male Lead, Riches To Rags, Possessive Mother, Secret Relationship, Female Chases Male First, Love Triangle, Poor Male Lead, Auto Mechanic Male Lead, Mental Illness ","Seo Jung In is the second daughter of a chaebol family, whose family suddenly meets with financial ruin. She is dumped by her husband, Lee Han Se, after their wedding ceremony when his family finds out about her family's financial problems. Her family is then left with no other alternative but to move in with their longtime chauffeur's family. The once rich and spoiled daughter and her family must now learn how to adjust to life as commoners in the Kang household.(Source: Dramawiki)",7.9,4184,45,"['Jung Kyung Ho', 'Lee Min Jung', 'Choi Bool Am', 'Song Ok Sook', 'Chun Ho Jin', 'Kang  Suk Woo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Lee Tae Gon,Moon Hee Jung
516,Cross,https://mydramalist.com/25523-cross-gods-gift,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Medical","Investigation, Suspense, Prison Setting, Doctor Male Lead, Death Of A Father, Death, Special Power, Revenge, Violence, Murder ","Kang In-Kyu’s father was brutally murdered 13 years ago. To take revenge on those who are responsible for his father’s death, he becomes a doctor. Kang In-Kyu volunteers at a prison medical office where the murderer is imprisoned.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.9,2065,16,"['Go Kyung Pyo', 'Jo Jae Hyun', 'Jeon So Min', 'Uhm Ji Sung', 'Kim Jong Goo', 'Jin Yi Han']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Shin Yong Hwi,Choi Min Suk
517,When the Devil Calls Your Name,https://mydramalist.com/31224-when-the-devil-calls-your-name,"Music,  Comedy,  Drama,  Fantasy","Eccentric Male Lead, Devil, Slight Romance, Hidden Identity, Second Chance, Bromance, Tragic Past, Trauma, Housemates' Relationship, Best Friends' Relationship ","To become one of the entertainment industry’s most sought-after songwriters, you have to have talent, inspiration, and passion. But to reach the level of popularity obtained by Ha Rip, you also have to be willing to make certain sacrifices.Ten years ago, as a struggling artist, Ha Rip found himself wondering if he would ever make his mark on the world. On the verge of giving up, he found himself face to face with the Devil himself, who offered to give Ha Rip everything his heart desired for a price. Desperate, Ha Rip agreed to sell his soul to the Devil, and so began a decade of unprecedented success. But when those ten years are almost up, and the Devil has come to collect his due,  he learns that his success and fame are the results of taking Lee Kyung’s talent and life. Learning that every deal you make with the Devil comes with a hefty price, Ha Rip tries to barter with his life but will that be enough to satisfy the debt he still owes?(Source: Viki, Asianwiki)~~ Inspired from “Faust” by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe.",7.9,3434,16,"['Jung Kyung Ho', 'Park Sung Woong', 'Lee Seol', 'Lee El', 'Kim Hyung Mook', 'Kim Won Hae']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Min Jin Gi,"Noh Hye Young,  Go Nae Ri"
518,"Please Come Back, Mister",https://mydramalist.com/15958-please-come-back-mister,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Supernatural","Second Chance, Body Swap, Sismance, Reincarnation, Bromance, Rags To Riches, Family Secret, Transmigration, Death, Identity Swap ","Kim Young Soo is a department store worker who dies in an accident. Upon reaching the afterlife, he pleads for a chance to go back and clear up the misunderstandings surrounding his death and to comfort his newly widowed wife, Shin Da Hye. There with him is Han Gi Tak, a tough chef who also has loose ends to tie up concerning his death and those he left behind. The two are granted the chance to go back temporarily, but as new, different people, and with the condition that they cannot reveal their true identities. The return is made further complicated by the fact that Young Soo's body is identical to that of the new chief of the department store he used to work at, and Gi Tak comes back in the body of a woman. With only a short time to do everything they need to, the two have to work against all odds to make sure those they love will be ok without them.~~ Adapted from the novel ""Tsubakiyama Kacho no Nanokakan"" by Jiro Asada.",7.9,10644,16,"['Rain', 'Oh Yeon Seo', 'Kim In Kwon', 'Kim Soo Ro', 'Lee Min Jung', 'Lee Ha Nee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Shin Yoon Sub,Noh Hye Young
519,Witch's Romance,https://mydramalist.com/9260-witchs-romance,"Business,  Comedy,  Romance","Older Woman/Younger Man, Nice Male Lead, Steamy Kiss, Ex-Boyfriend Comes Back, Warm Man/Cold Woman, Male Chases Female First, Love Triangle, Cheerful Male Lead, Cohabitation, Workplace Setting ","Ban Ji Yeon is a single 39-year-old woman. She works as a reporter and is very enthusiastic about her work. So much so that she is often called a “witch” at work. She doesn't believe in true love because of her past experience when her boyfriend disappeared prior to their wedding. Yoon Dong Ha is a 25-year-old young man who runs a small errand center with his friend. He looks like a happy guy, but he lost his girlfriend in an accident. Sparks fly when Ji Yeon and Dong Ha meet, and despite the age difference, they find a lot in common with each other, including their scarred hearts.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.9,12586,16,"['Uhm Jung Hwa', 'Park Seo Joon', 'Han Jae Suk', 'Lee Se Chang', 'Ra Mi Ran', 'Sa Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Lee Jeong Hyo,Ban Ki Ri
520,The Queen's Classroom,https://mydramalist.com/6656-the-queens-classroom-2013,"Youth,  Drama","Student Supporting Character, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, MDL Remake, Classmates' Relationship, Child Supporting Character, Child Female Lead, Child Male Lead, Teacher Female Lead ","Now here is one person who tells the inconvenient truth to children. Ma Yeo Jin also takes it one step further. She perpetuates the ugly side of our immoral society by becoming a controlling and manipulative teacher. In class, the students are taught what behaviors to adopt in mock circumstances that reflect actual life. Her students are instilled with fear, stung by hurtful remarks, and betrayed by classmates under Ma's manipulative ways. But gradually, the students learn to become independent and self-reliant.(Source: MBC)",7.9,1575,16,"['Go Hyun Jung', 'Seo Shin Ae', 'Chun Bo Geun', 'Kim Hyang Gi', 'Kim Sae Ron', 'Lee Young Yoo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Lee Dong Yoon,"Kim Won Seok,  Kim Eun Hee"
521,Dr. Brain,https://mydramalist.com/36311-doctor-brain,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Sci-Fi,  Medical","Scientist Male Lead, Doctor Supporting Character, Missing Child, Genius Male Lead, Unhappy Marriage, Gun Violence, Animal Death, Brain Surgery, Miniseries, Coma ","An emotional journey that follows a brain scientist who is obsessive about figuring out new technologies to access the consciousness and memories of the brain. His life goes sideways when his family falls victim to a mysterious accident, and he uses his skills to access memories from his wife’s brain to piece together the mystery of what actually happened to his family and why.(Source: MyDramaList)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Dr. Brain"" (Dr. 브레인)  by Hong Jac Ga (홍작가).",7.9,1934,6,"['Lee Sun Kyun', 'Lee Yoo Young', 'Park Hee Soon', 'Seo Ji Hye', 'Lee Jae Won', 'Jo Bok Rae']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Kim Jee Woon,Ko Yeong Jae
522,Just Dance,https://mydramalist.com/31004-dance-sports-girls,"Romance,  Life,  Drama,  Sports","Coming Of Age, Sismance, High School, Dance, Chasing A Dream, Liar Female Lead, School Club, Poor Female Lead, Family Pressure, Character Development ","“Dance Sports Girls” is based on the documentary of the same name and  will tell the story of girls in Geoje Girl’s Vocational High School, who dream different dreams while preparing to get a job in a shipyard where restructuring recently started. Although their grades are low, their efforts in trying be better dancers are unlimited.(Source: Soompi)",7.9,1677,16,"['Park Se Wan', 'Jang Dong Yoon', 'Lee Joo Young', 'Joo Hae Eun', 'Shin Do Hyun', 'Lee You Mi']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,KBS2,Park Hyun Suk,Kwon Hye Ji
523,Priest,https://mydramalist.com/30513-priest,"Thriller,  Horror,  Romance,  Drama","Catholicism, Church Setting, Exorcist Male Lead, Priest Supporting Character, Priest Male Lead, Psychiatrist Supporting Character, Detective Supporting Character, Nurse Supporting Character, Doctor Supporting Character, Doctor Female Lead ","Oh Soo Min is a dutiful young Catholic priest, filled with energy. He is a member 634 Regia. The group performs exorcisms unofficially. In the past, his own mother was possessed by a devil. She could not receive an exorcism and she consequently died. After that, Oh Soo Min was taught by Priest Moon Ki Sun on how to perform exorcisms. Moon Ki Sun is the person who formed 634 Regia.Meanwhile, Ham Eun Ho became a doctor after her family went through an unfortunate accident. She wants to save the lives of people. Now, Ham Eun Ho works in the emergency room of a hospital. Ham Eun Ho does not believe in God, but she witnesses a supernatural phenomenon and meets Priest Oh Soo Min. She faces a big change in her life.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.9,1929,16,"['Yeon Woo Jin', 'Jung Yoo Mi', 'Park Yong Woo', 'Son Jong Hak', 'Oh Yeon Ah', 'Yu Bee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,OCN,Kim Jong Hyun,Moon Man Se
524,Today's Webtoon,https://mydramalist.com/695899-today-s-webtoon,"Business,  Comedy,  Life,  Drama","Co-workers' Relationship, Workplace Setting, Nice Female Lead, Hardworking Female Lead, Webtoon Artist Supporting Character, Manhwa Artist Supporting Character, Editor Female Lead, Positive Female Lead, Strong Female Lead, Adapted From A Manga ","Once a member of the National Judo Team, On Ma Eum’s entire life revolved around the sport. But when a tough match leaves her with a torn ankle ligament, she’s forced to watch as all of her dreams of continuing in the sport crumble around her. With her career as a professional judoka now entirely over, Ma Eum must find a way to pick herself up and move on.Without any sort of dream to drive her, Ma Eum isn’t really sure what to do next. Taking her first non-sports-related job working in a webtoon editorial department, Ma Eum finds it difficult to adjust. Unable to relate to her co-workers, Ma Eum has trouble fitting in as her life as an athlete has left her a little rough around the edges. Beyond that, the work she’s been assigned just isn’t what she’s used to. Struggling to adapt to her new life, Ma Eum wonders if she’ll ever find a way to be happy again.Fortunately, with the passing of time and a little help from her co-workers, Koo Jun Yeong and Seok Jin Hyung, Ma Eum begins to find herself slowly settling into her new life. As the struggles in her life begin to dissipate, Ma Eum finds herself reaching for a new dream. The only question is, will she have the strength she needs to turn that dream into a reality?(Source: Viki)~~ Adapted from the manga series ""Juuhan Shuttai!"" (重版出来!) by Matsuda Naoko (松田奈緒子).",7.9,6586,16,"['Kim Se Jeong', 'Choi Daniel', 'Nam Yoon Su', 'Ko Chang Seok', 'Jang Sung Yoon', 'Kim Gab Soo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"SBS,  Viki,  ViuTV",Jo Soo Won,"Jo Hyun Joo,  Cho Ye Rang,  Lee Jae Eun"
525,IRIS,https://mydramalist.com/47-iris,"Action,  Thriller,  Romance,  Crime","Revenge, Drama, Suspense, North Korean Supporting Character, North Korean Female Lead, North Korean Male Lead, Fugitive Male Lead, Agent Male Lead, Spy Male Lead, National Intelligence Service ",Kim Hyun Joon and Jin Sa Woo are best friends who were brought into a top secret organization known as NSS by analyst Choi Seung Hee and Park Sang Hyun. Hyun Joon and Sa Woo both fall in love with Seung Hee when she first profiles them. Their lives are changed forever when Hyun Joon is given a solo mission in Hungary. Hyun Joon later tries to find out who set him up and to figure out what IRIS is and wants.,7.9,9519,20,"['Lee Byung Hun', 'Kim Tae Hee', 'Jung Joon Ho', 'Kim So Yeon', 'Kim Seung Woo', 'T.O.P']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Kim Kyu Tae,  Yang Yoon Ho","Choi Wan Kyu,  Jo Gyoo Won,  Kim Hyun Joon,  Kim Jae Eun"
526,Decoy,https://mydramalist.com/731579-chronicles-of-crime,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Crime,  Drama","Police Corruption, Multiple Timelines, Criminal Organization, Corrupt Legal System, Investigation, Pyramid Scheme, Uncover The Truth, Former Lawyer Male Lead, Anxious Female Lead, Swindler Male Lead ","Eight years ago, Noh Sang Cheon, the mastermind of a financial fraud scheme that duped tens of thousands of South Korean victims into investing billions of dollars' worth of their savings into a bogus project, went on the run. He attempted to evade the law by escaping to China and the nation was rocked when news of his death broke. Now, almost a decade later, a justice-loving police detective named Goo Do Han makes a startling discovery. In the course of investigating a domestic murder case, Goo Do Han finds evidence implicating Noh Sang Cheon as a suspect. How could it be that this fraudster—thought to have died years ago—is linked to the case? It falls to Goo Do Han to try to determine if Noh Sang Cheon is actually dead or not. If he is dead, who could the real murderer be? If not, where was Noh Sang Cheon hiding all this time? As the detective continues to investigate, he begins to wonder if there might be a link between the fraud of eight years ago and the mysterious murder. (Source: Viki)",7.9,835,6,"['Jang Geun Suk', 'Heo Sung Tae', 'Lee Elijah', 'Yoo Sung Joo', 'Lee Sung Wook', 'Park Myung Hoon']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Kim Hong Seon,Kim Jin Wook
527,Doctor Lawyer,https://mydramalist.com/701871-doctor-lawyer,"Thriller,  Law,  Drama,  Medical","Thoracic Surgeon Male Lead, Ex-couple Relationship, Prosecutor Female Lead, Lawyer Male Lead, Genius Male Lead, Wrongfully Accused, Death, Corruption, Suspense, Middle-Aged Male Lead ","Han Yi Han was an elite surgeon. He graduated at the top of the best medical school in South Korea and he specialized in two departments: general surgery and cardiothoracic surgery. One surgery changed his life. Han Yi Han believed he did well in that surgery, but the patient died. He then got his medical license revoked.Four years later, Han Yi Han works as a lawyer, specializing in medical litigation. He also tries to uncover the truth behind the death of his former patient. In his trials, Han Yi Han defends victims and tries to punish those that commit medical malpractice and negligence. He works with a public prosecutor, who lost a family member and a lover due to the surgery Han Yi Han performed.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.9,2743,16,"['So Ji Sub', 'Shin Sung Rok', 'Im Soo Hyang', 'Lee Joo Bin', 'Lee Dong Ha', 'Lee Kyung Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Lee Yong Seok,  Lee Dong Hyun",Jang Hong Chul
528,Just One Bite Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/33395-just-one-bite-season-2,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Sitcom","Multiple Couples, Food, Sismance, Multiple Mains, Brother-Sister Relationship, Older Woman/Younger Man, Second Chance Romance, Miniseries, Web Series, Second Chance ",The sweet and bitter love stories of three women.(Source: Playlist Global),7.9,1872,10,"['Kim Ji In', 'Seo Hye Won', 'Jo Hye Joo', 'Park Seo Ham', 'Lee Shin Young', 'Park Sun Jae']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Baek Min Hee,Bang Yoo Jung
529,The Lies Within,https://mydramalist.com/33830-everyone-s-lies,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Drama","Missing Person, Political, Car Accident, Detective Fiction, Detective Male Lead, Smart Female Lead, Smart Male Lead, Strong Female Lead, Investigation, Suspense ","Jo Tae Shik was once an enthusiastic detective, but he now wants a different kind of life. He longs for a peaceful and ordinary existence. Because of this, Jo Tae Shik applies for a transfer to a police substation in a small country village without many residents. Meanwhile, Jo Tae Shik takes a case involving the death of Lawmaker Kim Seung Cheol. He died in a car accident, but Jo Tae Shik senses that the car accident is not so clear-cut. The lawmaker's son-in-law then goes missing.Kim Seo Hui is the youngest daughter of the late lawmaker and her husband is now missing. She married her husband to benefit both of their families, but their relationship hasn't been so good. Kim Seo Hui becomes a lawmaker to find the truth behind her father's death and save her missing husband.Jo Tae Shik and Kim Seo Hui soon uncover a conspiracy and try to reveal the truth.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.9,3217,16,"['Lee Min Ki', 'Lee Yoo Young', 'Lee Joon Hyuk', 'Kim Shi Eun', 'Yoon Jong Seok', 'Ohn Joo Wan']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Netflix,  OCN",Lee Yoon Jung,"Won Yoo Jung,  Jeon Yeong Shin"
530,School 2021,https://mydramalist.com/43857-oh-my-men,"Romance,  Youth,  Drama,  Melodrama","High School, Friendship, Mature Female Lead, Coming Of Age, Innocent Male Lead, Hardworking Male Lead, First Love, Multiple Mains, Taekwondo, Bankruptcy ","""School 2021"" is the story of students attending a specialized high school and seeking their ambitions, rather than going off to college. It will delve into how these students learn about love, friendship, true passions, and growing up in an intense environment.Kong Ki Joon is a hardworking student who assumes work and school simultaneously. He is a person who loses his 11-year-old dream of taekwondo due to injury and is unsure of knowing what to do. Jung Young Joo is a transfer student with a hidden story and a past connection to Kong Ki Joon. Jin Ji Won, a confident high school girl with a solid dream, confidently communicates her opinion though she is in conflict with her mother about going to college. Kang Seo Young is a gifted student who is preparing, by herself, for college entrance exams. She is aiming to enter one of the top five universities in Korea.Lee Kang Hoon is a teacher who values a work-life balance. He gradually grows along with his students. Koo Mi Hee is the chairman of the board. Lee Jae Hee is the twin sister of Lee Jae Hyuk. She is a quiet person and strives to make many new changes. Lee Jae Hyuk is Lee Jae Hee's twin. Unlike Jae Hee, Jae Hyuk is the person who receives support from the foundation.(Source: Soompi, Joynews24, xports news; Edited by: Bethany and DyingtobeinKorea at MyDramaList)",7.9,6129,16,"['Kim Yo Han', 'Choo Young Woo', 'Cho Yi Hyun', 'Hwang Bo Reum Byeol', 'Kim Kang Min', 'Seo Hee Seon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"KBS2,  Viki",Kim Min Tae,"Dong Hee Seon,  Jo Ah Ra"
531,The Emperor,https://mydramalist.com/20806-the-emperor-owner-of-the-mask,"Historical,  Romance,  Drama,  Political","Poison, Conspiracy, Identity Swap, Historical Fiction, Nice Female Lead, Royalty, Death, Revenge, Nice Male Lead, Joseon Dynasty ","The story of a crown prince named Lee Sun who fights the Pyeonsuhwe society that holds absolute power over the kingdom and also controls the water supply by privatizing it. The drama involves romance, action and court politics as the Crown prince, Lee Sun fights heroically on behalf of the people and Han Ga Eun finds herself falling in love with him instead of avenging the execution of her father at his hands. In “The Emperor: Owner of the Mask,” there is palace intrigue revolving around the true power behind the throne, and a plot twist when the prince switches identities with a commoner. But the overall theme of the show is love, which underlies the romance between a prince and his girl as well as the compassion for the country and people.(Source: MBC)~~ Adapted from the novel ""The Prince and the Pauper"" by Mark Twain.",7.9,7805,40,"['Yoo Seung Ho', 'Kim So Hyun', 'Kim Myung Soo', 'Yoon So Hee', 'Heo Joon Ho', 'Park Chul Min']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Park Won Gook,  Noh Do Cheol","Park Hye Jin,  Jung Hae Ri"
532,Love Affairs in the Afternoon,https://mydramalist.com/33412-love-affairs-in-the-afternoon,"Romance,  Life,  Drama,  Melodrama","Married Life, Housewife Female Lead, Teacher Male Lead, Secret Relationship, Secret Romance, Love At First Sight, Tearjerker, Friends To Lovers, Bickering Mains' Relationship, Ex-spouse Relationship ","Son Ji Eun is a housewife who works part-time at a mart. She is quiet and sincere, even as she feels trapped in her unhappy life and lonely marriage. One day, she meets biology teacher Yoon Jung Woo and her heart starts beating again. They both know that only ruin will await them, yet they cannot seem to stay away from each other.(Source: xyLaar at MyDramaList)",7.9,2842,16,"['Lee Sang Yeob', 'Park Ha Sun', 'Ye Ji Won', 'Jo Dong Hyuk', 'Jung Sang Hoon', 'Choi Byung Mo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Channel A,Kim Jung Min,Yoo So Jung
533,Hope or Dope 2,https://mydramalist.com/709057-boys-flight-2,"Youth,  Drama","Countryside Setting, Teenager Male Lead, Slight Romance, Miniseries, Drugs, Web Series, Noir, Friendship ","Having been used as a drug mule by her parents for ages, eighteen-year-old Kyung Da Jung might have been stuck in her old life forever, had not a series of unfortunate events during one of her deliveries forced her to flee. Taking refuge in a small rural village nestled deep in the heart of the South Korean countryside, Da Jung might have had a chance to start a brand new life, but fate, it seemed, would not be so kind.Befriending Gong Yoon Tak and his friends, Gong Yoon Jae, Kim Kook Hee, and Hong Ae Ran, not long after her arrival, Da Jung could have spent her remaining teenage years in relative peace. But when the group discovers a perfectly cultivated field of marijuana growing just outside the village, everything changes. Unable to resist the urge to use this discovery to her advantage, Da Jung quickly pulls Yoon Tak and his friends into her world of drugs and crime. Though able to overcome one set of difficulties, the friends now find themselves forced to overcome an entirely different set of obstacles.With their lives on the line, will Da Jung, Yoon Tak, and their friends be able to find a way out of the mess they’ve gotten themselves into before it’s too late?(Source: Viki)",7.9,1081,8,"['Won Ji An', 'Yoon Chan Young', 'Yoon Hyun Soo', 'Han Se Jin', 'Yang Seo Hyun', 'Choi Young Do']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),Unknown,Jo Yong Ik,Jung Soo Yoon
534,Mrs. Cop,https://mydramalist.com/14435-mrs.-cop,"Action,  Mystery","Police Department Setting, Team Leader Female Lead, Detective Male Lead, Detective Female Lead, Single Mother Female Lead, Attempted Murder, Crime Against Children, Attempted Sexual Assault, Slight Romance, Teamwork ","Choi Yeong Jin is a female detective squad chief. She also raises her daughter Ha Eun. At work, she deals with brutal crimes with her senior detective Park Jong Ho and squad members Min Do Yeong, Han Jin Woo, Jo Jae Deok and Lee Se Won.",7.9,1729,18,"['Kim Hee Ae', 'Kim Min Jong', 'Lee Da Hee', 'Son Ho Jun', 'Shin So Yool', 'Lee Gi Kwang']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,"Ahn Gil Ho,  Yoo In Shik",Hwang Joo Ha
535,Kiss Scene in Yeonnamdong,https://mydramalist.com/49281-kiss-scene-in-yeonnamdong,"Mystery,  Comedy,  Romance,  Melodrama","Childhood Friends' Relationship, Roommates' Relationship, Neighbors' Relationship, Short Length Series, Drinking, Break Up, Secret Crush, Reverse-Harem, Steamy Kiss, Web Series ","The concept of ""Kiss Scene in Yeonnam-dong"" is 'who kissed her that night?' and it's about a young woman who has been single all her life looking for the most handsome kisser. She has been single all her life, but she's not all that innocent in this honest romantic story of young people.(Source: HanCinema)",7.9,2109,12,"['Hong Seung Hee', 'Do Won', 'Bae In Hyuk', 'Lee Se Hee', 'Jin Ye Ju', 'Koo Ja Keon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
536,W.H.Y.,https://mydramalist.com/31926-why,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Youth","Break Up, Vacation, Multiple Couples, Miniseries, Farming, Older Woman/Younger Man, Web Series, Bromance, Short Length Series, Friendship ","Yeon Woo and Joo Hyun met for the first time when they were 17 years old. After 4 years of friendship, the guy invited the girl to date. And then came the 100th day of the relationship, everything was fine, they promised each other to love each other even more, presented gifts, but in the evening the girl left him without explaining the reasons. Yeon Woo is very upset; he doesn’t walk on his own because he still does not know the reason for the separation. Therefore, his friends, in order to distract the guy, go on a trip to Jeju Island. Where they meet two attractive girls, one loves romance novels, and as a friend says, can help to understand the reason for the breakup. Will Yeon Woo figure it out and start living anew?(Source: doramafox.ru)",7.9,2827,10,"['Jung Gun Joo', 'Oh Ah Yun', 'Hwang In Youp', 'Yoo Dong Guk', 'Lee Ji Won', 'Lee So Hee']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Park Dhan Hee,Kim Soo Min
537,The Three Musketeers,https://mydramalist.com/10248-the-three-musketeers,"Action,  Adventure,  Historical,  Romance","Joseon Dynasty, Friendship, Revenge, Bromance, Comedy, Royalty, Kind Male Lead, Historical Fiction, Hidden Identity, Love Square ","Set in the Joseon Dynasty period (during the confusion of justification and the period of espionage and transition from ming to ping), when the public desire for social reform was at a high.The three-arc historical action-romance drama, in which warriors and spies step back and forth along borders, follows Crown Prince So Hyeon, his two bodyguards, Heo Seung Po and An Min Seo, as well as Park Dal Hyang, a yangban come warrior who has everything going for him, including personality and looks, even though he comes from a poor family. Dal Hyang is also involved in a love triangle between Yoon Seo, the Crown Princess, and Crown Prince So Hyeon. Meanwhile, Jo Mi Ryeong is Prince So Hyeon's first love, who later becomes the prince’s enemy and decides to take revenge.(Source: Amazon.com)~~ Loosely adapted from the novel ""The Three Musketeers"" (Les Trois Mousquetaires) by Alexandre Dumas.",7.9,2769,12,"['Jung Yong Hwa', 'Lee Jin Wook', 'Yang Dong Geun', 'Jung Hae In', 'Seo Hyun Jin', 'Yoo In Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Kim Byung Soo,Song Jae Jung
538,Kiss Goblin,https://mydramalist.com/58877-kiss-ghost,"Comedy,  Romance,  Fantasy,  Supernatural","Web Series, Supernatural Power, Interspecies Romance, Short Length Series, Dokkaebi, Fate, Supernatural Being, Memory Erasure, Strong Female Lead, Attempted Murder ","Ban Sook is a 160-year-old goblin who wants nothing more than to be human. But in order to do so, his mentor, the Goblin Queen, tells him that he must take human form and kiss humans 10 times. As he is strikingly handsome and possesses otherworldly charm, this initially seems like an easy assignment. However, he soon discovers that the task will be more complicated than first thought. Every time he kisses someone, he develops a new human emotion. And he finds that the more emotions he has, the more complicated the romance game becomes!An exorcist also steps onto the scene, threatening to derail his quest for good! He also meets a strong-willed young woman named Oh Yeon Ah, who attacks and chides him after she sees him kissing a stranger and then her best friend. Ban Sook cannot help falling for Oh Yeon Ah, but can he convince her to feel the same way about him?(Source: Viki)",7.9,10242,12,"['Bae In Hyuk', 'Jeon Hye Won', 'Lee Jung Min', 'Jang Eui Soo', 'Lee Se Hee', 'Moon Ji Yong']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Kim Tae Wook,Unknown
539,My Beautiful Bride,https://mydramalist.com/14325-my-beautiful-bride,"Action,  Mystery,  Romance,  Crime","Gangster Supporting Character, Police Officer Female Lead, Police Officer Male Lead, Underworld, Conflict, Hardworking Male Lead, Unconditional Love, Hidden Personality, Strong Male Lead, Missing Person ","Kim Do Hyung, who works as a bank executive and comes from a well-to-do family, has been dating his girlfriend, Yoon Joo Young, for the past two years. He asks her to marry him, but Joo Young is tormented by his proposal and is terrified that Do Hyung will find out about her checkered past. After Joo Young makes up her mind to accept the marriage proposal, she suddenly disappears without a trace. When Do Hyung files a missing-person report with the police, officer Cha Yoon Mi is surprised to learn that Joo Young is someone she knows from her past but can’t offer much help to Do Hyung. When Do Hyung undertakes the search for Joo Young on his own, he is drawn into the shadowy underground world of gangsters and loan sharks. When Song Hak Soo, the leader of an underground crime syndicate who was recently released from prison, suddenly shows up dead, Do Hyung inexplicably becomes the prime suspect in the murders of Hak Soo and Joo Young, although she is still missing. With Yoon Mi and her partner, Park Hyung Shik, hot on his heels, can Do Hyung find Joo Young and clear his own name?(Source: Viki)",7.9,2375,16,"['Kim Mu Yeol', 'Lee Si Young', 'Go Sung Hee', 'Ryu Seung Soo', 'Park Hae Joon', 'Lee Jae Yong']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,OCN,"Kim Chul Gyu,  Kim Sang Woo",Yoo Sung Yeol
540,Numbers,https://mydramalist.com/744307-accounting-firm,"Action,  Thriller,  Mystery,  Drama","Accountant Male Lead, Corruption, Smart Male Lead, Tragic Past, Workplace Setting, Office Setting, Business, Bromance, Workplace Politics, Injustice ","Ho Woo is the first and only high school graduate accountant to join the top accounting firm in the country. With his outstanding memory, observation, adaptation, and sense of justice that ordinary accountants rarely have, he is more than a perfect employee. Je Kyun and Seung Jo are father and son, and Je Kyun is the Vice President of the accounting firm. Despite the fact that he is well-known for his generous personality, he is a man who does not hesitate to get what he wants. Seung Jo is the ace accountant of the firm who's quite the opposite of Ho Woo. These two work together with numbers to achieve their own goals. Their goals are different, but they are headed towards the same target. Will they be able to serve justice in this accounting firm?(Source: Viu)",7.9,2022,12,"['Kim Myung Soo', 'Choi Jin Hyuk', 'Choi Min Soo', 'Yeonwoo', 'Kim Yoo Ri', 'Lee Sung Yeol']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Kim Chil Bong,"Oh Hye Seok,  Jung An"
541,Tracer,https://mydramalist.com/695145-tracer,"Action,  Thriller,  Mystery,  Drama","Corruption, Revenge, Investigation, Confident Male Lead, Scheme, Power Struggle, Miniseries, Suspense, Brave Male Lead, Death ","Hwang Dong Joo is the chief of taxation division 5 at the National Tax Service. He works hard to trace money that is hidden from the tax service. His team includes Seo Hye Young, who has a bright personality, and his boss is Oh Young.Meanwhile, In Tae Joon is the director of a regional tax office. He is an ambitious man who has earned his way to the top through corrupt and illegal actions, all the while maintaining his cocky attitude.(Source: AsianWiki, Soompi)",7.9,988,8,"['Yim Si Wan', 'Son Hyun Joo', 'Go Ah Sung', 'Park Yong Woo', 'Jeon Ik Ryung', 'Moon Won Ju']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Lee Seung Young,Kim Hyun Jung
542,Miss Independent Ji Eun Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/38945-miss-independent-ji-eun-2,"Romance,  Life,  Youth","Student Supporting Character, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Young Adult Female Lead, Young Adult Male Lead, Hardworking Female Lead, University, Steamy Kiss, Web Series ","Season 2 brings Lee Ji Eun's university life, also the worries and love stories of college students. Ji Eun has to make important decisions about her feelings, her dreams and, finally, her life.",7.9,1038,16,"['Kim Si Eun', 'Cha In Ha', 'Kim Seo An', 'Kim Do Geon', 'Jang Tae Hoon', 'Song Da Kyung']",Not Yet Rated,vLive,Unknown,Unknown
543,My Lovely Sam Soon,https://mydramalist.com/221-my-lovely-sam-soon,"Food,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Love Triangle, Ex-girlfriend Comes Back, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Older Woman/Younger Man, Boss-Employee Relationship, Female Chases Male First, Contract Relationship, Family Pressure, Strong Female Lead, Mean Male Lead ","Kim Sam Soon is a baker who has a talent for making pastries and cakes. On Christmas Eve, she catches her boyfriend, Min Hyun Woo, cheating on her and breaks up. On that same night, she meets Hyun Jin Hun, the owner of a restaurant called Bon Appetit. By sheer coincidence, Jin Hun needs a baker for his restaurant and Sam Soon is unemployed. Sam Soon is hired as the restaurant's chief baker and the two fight like cat and dog.(Source: DramaWiki)",7.9,15131,16,"['Kim Sun Ah', 'Hyun Bin', 'Jung Ryeo Won', 'Daniel Henney', 'Kim Ja Ok', 'Lee Ah Hyun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Kim Yoon Cheol,Kim Do Woo
544,Hwang Jin Yi,https://mydramalist.com/680-hwang-jin-yi,"Historical,  Romance,  Drama","Performing Arts, Joseon Dynasty, Star Crossed Lovers, Poetry, Poetic Narration, Genius Male Lead, Rival Groups, Music Composition, Attempted Suicide, Forbidden Love ","This story is about the life of Joseon dancer, musician and poet, Hwang Jin Yi, who seeks perfection in her art relentlessly and the hardship facing women due to their lowly social status.",7.9,2036,24,"['Ha Ji Won', 'Kim Young Ae', 'Wang Bit Na', 'Kim Jae Won', 'Ryu Tae Joon', 'Jang Geun Suk']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Kim Chul Gyu,Yoon Sun Joo
545,Cheo Yong Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/13559-cheo-yong-2,"Mystery,  Drama,  Supernatural","Ghost-seeing Male Lead, Detective Fiction, Ghost Female Lead, Detective Male Lead, Miniseries, Death, Murder, Ghost, Investigation ",Detective Cheo Yong uses his abilities to interact with spirits to solve cases.,7.9,1083,10,"['Oh Ji Ho', 'Jeon Hyo Sung', 'Ha Yun Joo', 'Joo Jin Mo', 'Yoo Seung Mok', 'Yeon Je Wook']",Not Yet Rated,OCN,Kang Cheol Woo,Hong Seung Hyun
546,Arang and the Magistrate,https://mydramalist.com/3708-arang-and-the-magistrate,"Historical,  Comedy,  Romance,  Supernatural","Ghost, Interspecies Romance, Amnesia, Joseon Dynasty, Mother-Son Relationship, Strong Female Lead, Political, Drama, Missing Person, Grim Reaper Supporting Character ","Arang and the Magistrate tells the story of a cynical and not so friendly government official named Eun Oh who wanders the whole nation to look for his mother who disappeared because of his mistake. Eun Oh has the ability to see ghosts, so he's used to being bothered by many kinds of ghosts. As a result, he isn’t afraid of ghosts anymore.Then Eun Oh meets a virgin ghost named Arang. Before she became a ghost, Arang was a beautiful girl who was murdered. Arang asks Eun Oh to seek vengeance for her death and Eun Oh tries to appease her request.",7.9,12517,20,"['Lee Joon Gi', 'Shin Min Ah', 'Yeon Woo Jin', 'Kwon Oh Jung', 'Hwang Bo Ra', 'Han Jung Soo']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,MBC,"Jeong Dae Yun,  Kim Sang Ho",Jung Yoon Jung
547,Shadow Detective,https://mydramalist.com/711349-veteran-detective,"Mystery,  Crime,  Drama","Drug Dealer Supporting Character, Detective Fiction, Detective Supporting Character, Detective Male Lead, Police Corruption, Gun Violence, Flashback To Past, Hidden Past, Wrongfully Accused, Social Issues ","Kim Taek Rok is a veteran detective at the Geumo Police Station waiting for his retirement. One day, he starts receiving phone calls from someone who claims to be an old friend. The caller tells him that he killed Kim Taek Rok’s colleague Woo Hyun Seok, suggesting looking into Kim Taek Rok's past to find things he did wrong. Initially, Taek Rok's Investigation Squad Chief Kook Jin Han, who recently transferred to Geumo Police Station, suspects Kim Taek Rok as Woo Hyun Seok's murderer, but he begins to trust Kim Taek Rok and his innocence. They begin to look for Kim Taek Rok’s mysterious caller with the help of detectives Lee Sung A and Son Kyung Chan.(Source: AsianWiki; edited by MyDramaList)",7.9,920,8,"['Lee Sung Min', 'Jin Goo', 'Kyung Soo Jin', 'Lee Hak Joo', 'Kim Hong Pa', 'Yoo Seung Mok']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Disney+,  Hulu",Han Dong Hwa,Unknown
548,Be My Boyfriend,https://mydramalist.com/682945-contract-love-from-today,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Contract Relationship, High School, Web Series, Student Supporting Character, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Teenager Supporting Character, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead ","A nobody, Lee Seungmin is the epitome of an ordinary Joe.He has a crush on the most popular girl in school, Oh Jina, an idol trainee.Then one day, Oh Jina proposes that they start a fake relationship!Can Jina and Seungmin pull off their complicated fake relationship and start dating for real?(Source: Naver)",7.9,7342,15,"['Shin Hyun Seung', 'Lee Si Woo', 'Choi Yu Ju', 'Im Sung Kyun', 'Kim Byeong Kwan', 'Jung Bo Min']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Naver TV Cast,Lee Si Young,Han Song Yi
549,Queen of the Ring,https://mydramalist.com/21312-queen-of-the-ring,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Fantasy","Magical Ring, Web Series, Beauty Standards, Youth, Jealousy, Lying, Modeling, Transformation, Student Supporting Character, Student Female Lead ","A society where people are judged by appearances. A fantasy romance drama series where a girl finds a magical ring that transforms her into the most datable person.Mo Nan Hee was never the attractive girl whom guys would show interest. Until one day, she gets a magical ring that transforms her looks. Meanwhile, Park Se Gun, the most popular guy on campus for his looks and known to be shallow and dates attractive girls, falls head over heels for Nan Hee for her transformation. But Nan Hee was different from the other girls he dated in that she was socially inept and violent. Somehow, he finds himself falling even more in love with her despite her negative qualities…(Source: MBC)~~ Two versions available: 21 episodes (online) || 6 episodes (TV)",7.9,13033,21,"['Kim Seul Gi', 'Ahn Hyo Seop', 'Yoon So Hee', 'Hwang Jung Min', 'Jeon Noh Min', 'Lee Tae Sun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Naver TV Cast,Kwon Sung Chang,Unknown
550,Big Issue,https://mydramalist.com/32145-big-issue,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Romance,  Drama","Badass Female Lead, Photography, Strong Female Lead, Investigation, Boss-Employee Relationship, Workplace Setting, Paparazzi Male Lead, Ex-spouse Relationship, Photographer Male Lead, Editor-in-chief Female Lead ","Set within the frenzy world of the paparazzi media. Due to a photograph, Han Seok Joo loses everything, including his job as a photographer for a top newspaper and his family. Ji Soo Hyun is the notorious chief editor of a paparazzi group. She hires the man to become a paparazzi photographer.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.9,1365,32,"['Han Ye Seul', 'Joo Jin Mo', 'Shin So Yool', 'Kim Hee Won', 'Park Seon Im', 'Kim Bit Na Ri']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Park Soo Jin,  Lee Dong Hun",Jang Hyuk Rin
551,Police University,https://mydramalist.com/684865-police-academy,"Mystery,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Investigation, Teamwork, Police Academy, University, Youth, Honest Female Lead, Orphan Male Lead, Father-Son Relationship, Friendship, Student Supporting Character ","Hacking was the only way out of Kang Sun Ho’s miserable life ever since his parents passed away in an accident when he was just ten. He eventually puts his genius hacking skills into practice in an attempt to steal illegal gambling funds to pay for his adoptive father’s cancer surgery.One day, Sun Ho bumps into a charismatic judo girl, Oh Kang Hee, and falls in love at first sight. Just to be with her, he sets a goal to get an acceptance letter from the same university as Kang Hee’s and eventually gets accepted. However, he does not expect a familiar face from his previous misdemeanor, Yoo Dong Man, to greet him as his professor. At first, he’s not very pleased to see him again, but he gradually grows fond of Dong Man, the man of justice, to the point where he respects Dong Man’s philanthropic and brave nature as they continue to bicker with one another. Just like that, what started as love, at first sight, becomes Sun Ho’s life goal, a police officer.(Source: Viki)",7.9,9233,16,"['Cha Tae Hyun', 'Jung Jin Young', 'Krystal Jung', 'Hong Soo Hyun', 'Lee Jong Hyuk', 'Kang Shin Il']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Yoo Kwan Mo,Moon Jung Min
552,Gap Dong,https://mydramalist.com/8912-gap-dong,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Drama","Detective Male Lead, Murder, Hwaseong Serial Murders, Investigation, Suspense, Detective Fiction, Death, Serial Killings, Enemy Mine, Mad Dog ","Moo Yeom is a detective. 20 years ago, he was a Buddhist monk, but he got into trouble with a man named Gap Dong. To cut ties with him and cut off whatever karma would arise from his involvement with Gap Dong, Moo Yeom became a detective. After the statute of limitations expired, Gap Dong appears once again. Moo Yeom sets out to catch him once and for all.~~ Inspired by the ""Hwaseong serial murder case"".",7.9,4848,20,"['Yoon Sang Hyun', 'Lee Joon', 'Kim Min Jung', 'Kim Ji Won', 'Sung Dong Il', 'Jung In Ki']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,"Jo Soo Won,  Shin Yong Hwi",Kwon Eum Mi
553,Scripting Your Destiny,https://mydramalist.com/684919-writing-your-fate,"Comedy,  Romance,  Fantasy","Fate, Web Series, Hidden Identity, First Love, Flashback To Past, Deity Supporting Character, Deity Male Lead, Star Crossed Lovers, Forbidden Love, Bromance ","Shin Ho Yoon is a powerful god in charge of determining human fate. His job in the celestial world is to write the destinies of mortals. But when he is charged with writing a romantic fate, he decides to steal ideas he reads in notes for a future screenplay authored by scriptwriter Go Chae Kyung. The latter is a drama series writer who pens outlandish and overly dramatic dramas.The tale Shin Ho Yoon concocts involves pairing Go Chae Kyung with a near-perfect individual – a kind-hearted and ever-fortunate television producer named Jung Ba Reum. In his mortal guise, Shin Ho Yoon is Go Chae Kyung’s landlord, and from this position, he plans to help bring her together with Jung Ba Reum. But little by little, he finds himself developing feelings for her – a fact that threatens to derail his own carefully laid plans…(Source: Viki)",7.9,3465,10,"['Ki Do Hoon', 'Jeon So Nee', 'Kim Woo Seok', 'Park Sang Nam', 'Gal So Won', 'So Hee Jung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,TVING,Kim Byung Soo,Eun Seon Woo
554,Nice Witch,https://mydramalist.com/26403-good-witch,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Identity Swap, Double Identity, Identical Twin Female Lead, Flight Attendant Female Lead, Pilot Male Lead, Innocent Female Lead, Sisters' Relationship, Brother-Sister Relationship, Flashback To Past, Attempted Assault ","A housewife too nice for her own good is married to an unemployed husband. She switches places with her selfish, opinionated twin sister, who works as a flight attendant. Although they are identical twins, they have polar opposite personalities. Aboard the plane, she meets the pilot, an abstinent bachelor, and their journey sets off.(Source: SBS International)",7.9,2169,40,"['Lee Da Hae', 'Ryu Soo Young', 'Ahn Woo Yeon', 'Bae Soo Bin', 'Yoon Se Ah', 'Shim Hyung Tak']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Unknown,Yoon Young Mi
555,Let Me Be Your Knight,https://mydramalist.com/52417-idol-doctor,"Music,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Eccentric Male Lead, Lying, Medical, Healing, Sleep Disorder, Sleepwalking, Cohabitation, Age Gap [Drama Life], Twin Exchange, Band ","Yoon Tae In is the leader of the idol group, Luna. He suffers from sleepwalking. To cure his ailment secretly, a fake doctor begins to live with him. In Yoon Joo works as a tour guide. Her dream is to one day buy her own house. She happens to get involved in an incident and begins to live as a fake doctor with the 5 members of Luna: Yoon Tae In, Lee Shin, Kim Yoo Chan, Woo Ga On, and Seo Woo Yeon.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.9,3676,12,"['Jung In Sun', 'Lee Jun Young', 'Jang Dong Joo', 'Kim Jong Hyeon', 'Yoon Ji Sung', 'Kim Dong Hyun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"iQiyi,  SBS",Ahn Ji Sook,"Shin Seo Ha,  Hae Yeon,  Seo Jung Eun,  Yoo So Won"
556,Sandglass,https://mydramalist.com/1559-sandglass,"Action,  Romance,  Drama,  Political","Gwangju Uprising, 1980s, Rich Female Lead, Friendship, 1970s, Gangster Male Lead, Detective Supporting Character, Prosecutor Supporting Character, Prosecutor Male Lead, Historical Fiction ","The Sandglass is a story of two men whose friendship is tested through the 1970s and 1980s, one of Korea's politically tumultuous periods. Park Tae Soo, tough and loyal, grows up to become a gangster, and Kang Woo Suk, smart with firm moral values, becomes a prosecutor. Yoon Hye Rin, a beautiful and spirited daughter of a very wealthy casino owner, is a classmate of Woo Suk in college. Hye Rin is introduced to Tae Soo via Woo Suk and subsequently, falls in love.(Source: Wikipedia)",7.9,234,24,"['Go Hyun Jung', 'Park Sang Won', 'Choi Min Soo', 'Lee Jung Jae', 'Park Geun Hyung', 'Nam Sung Hoon']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Kim Jong Hak,Song Ji Na
557,It's Beautiful Now,https://mydramalist.com/709887-now-is-beautiful,"Romance,  Drama,  Family,  Melodrama","Fake Relationship, Dentist Male Lead, Multiple Mains, Multiple Couples, Brothers' Relationship, Patisserie Setting, Adopted Supporting Character, Manager Supporting Character, Vice Principal Supporting Character, Part-time Worker Female Lead ","The Lee brothers Yoon Jae, Hyun Jae, and Soo Jae are not interested in dating or getting married. Their indifference towards marriage is cause for concern among family members. They offer the enticement of an apartment to the brother that marries first. Now, all three are actively seeking a  bride. (Source: Soompi)",7.9,1947,50,"['Oh Min Suk', 'Shin Dong Mi', 'Yoon Shi Yoon', 'Bae Da Bin', 'Seo Bum June', 'Choi Ye Bin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Kim Sung Geun,Ha Myung Hee
558,Let's Eat,https://mydramalist.com/8246-lets-eat,"Food,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Strong Female Lead, Nice Male Lead, Smart Female Lead, Smart Male Lead, Older Woman/Younger Man, Enemies To Friends, Murder, Bromance, Korean Cuisine, Bickering Mains' Relationship ","""Let's Eat"" depicts the daily life and romance of a single woman when a murder case occurs in her neighborhood. Lee Soo Kyung is a 33-year-old single woman. She divorced when she was in her 20s and now lives alone. She always wants to carry herself with dignity, but she loses self-control when she is near gourmet foods. Koo Dae Young is a gourmet, especially talented at describing the taste of foods. He often lies when he opens his mouth, but he is usually considerate of others.",7.9,8170,16,"['Lee Soo Kyung', 'Yoon Doo Joon', 'Yoon So Hee', 'Shim Hyung Tak', 'Lee Do Yeon', 'Feeldog']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Park Joon Hwa,Unknown
559,All About My Mom,https://mydramalist.com/14907-all-about-my-mom,"Romance,  Drama,  Family,  Melodrama","Cancer, Nice Male Lead, Married Female Lead, Married Male Lead, Pregnancy ","Jin Ae has a love and hate relationship with her mother San Ok. She dreams of becoming independent from her family and especially from her mother. Jin Ae falls in love with Hoon Jae and marries him. Meanwhile, what awaits for Jin Ae is her new mother-in-law. While experiencing difficult times with her mother-in-law, Jin Ae begins to understand her mother San Ok for the first time.",7.9,1497,54,"['Eugene', 'Lee Sang Woo', 'Go Doo Shim', 'Kim Mi Sook', 'Choi  Tae Joon', 'Oh Min Suk']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Lee Geon Joon,Yoon Kyung Ah
560,My ID Is Gangnam Beauty,https://mydramalist.com/29185-my-id-is-gangnam-beauty,"Psychological,  Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Nice Female Lead, Beauty Standards, Male Chases Female First, Nice Male Lead, Plastic Surgery, Adapted From A Webtoon, Calm Male Lead, Friends To Lovers, School Bullying, Childhood Acquaintance ","This series tells the story of Kang Mi Rae, a girl once bullied for her looks. As a result, she became insecure, cautious around people and withdrawn. However, Mi Rae decides she wants a fresh start away from bullying and gets plastic surgery to transform her face. When she begins university, she meets Do Kyung Suk from their middle school days, who sees people for what they are on the inside and not the outside; he then becomes attracted to Kang Mi Rae.As Mi Rae begins to get teased once more and labeled ""Gangnam Beauty"", the cold, aloof but kind inside Kyung Suk becomes the one person that stands up for her and in the process, Mi Rae begins to recover her lost confidence and discovers that true beauty is not on the outside.(Source: AJ at MyDramaList)~~ Adapted from the webtoon “My ID is Gangnam Beauty” (내 ID는 강남미인!) by Gi Maeng Gi (기맹기).",7.9,61047,16,"['Im Soo Hyang', 'Cha Eun Woo', 'Jo Woo Ri', 'Kwak Dong Yeon', 'Park Joo Mi', 'Park Sung Geun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,Choi Sung Bum,"Choi Soo Young,  Choi Soo Young"
561,Good Job,https://mydramalist.com/723887-good-job,"Mystery,  Comedy,  Romance,  Fantasy","Supernatural Power, Crime Solving Duo, Investigation, Heir Male Lead, Detective Fiction, Company President (CEO) Male Lead, Detective Male Lead, Cheerful Female Lead, Nice Female Lead, Smart Male Lead ","Follows the joint investigation and romance story of a chaebol who leads a second life as a detective and a woman with super vision.Eun Sun Woo is a chaebol among chaebols who owns the Eunkang group and also runs a detective agency. From a young age, Eun Sun Woo has shown a brilliant mind and shockingly unparalleled athletic abilities. He is a figure who is completely different in his two lives as a detective and as a chairman of a group, easily switching from being conceited to being a gentleman.Don Se Ra is a cheerful person who was born with super vision. In order to hide her powers, Don Se Ra goes around wearing a thick pair of glasses to secretly use her ability. While taking on numerous odd jobs in order to help the people around her, she meets Eun Sun Woo and begins a chaotic love story.(Source: Soompi)",7.9,4981,12,"['Jung Il Woo', 'Kwon Yu Ri', 'Eum Moon Suk', 'Song Sang Eun', 'Yoon Sun Woo', 'Lee Joon Hyuk']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"ENA,  Viki",Kang Min Gu,"Kim Jung Ae,  Kwon Hee Kyung"
562,Queen,https://mydramalist.com/39053-selection-girls-war,"Historical,  Romance,  Fantasy,  Political","Joseon Dynasty, Revenge, Power Struggle, Hidden Identity, Competition, Flashback To Past, Male Chases Female First, Murder, Premonition, Queen Female Lead ","Kang Eun Bo is a woman on a mission. When her twin sister is murdered, she vows to find the killer and bring them to justice.But during the ultra-conservative Joseon Dynasty era (1392-1910), the only woman with the power to order a manhunt for a murderer is the Queen. So Kang Eun Bo resolves to win the prized royal title so she can one day avenge her sister’s death.To do so, however, she must first win the heart of Joseon King Lee Kyung. Lee Kyung grew up in a time of great political unrest and is less interested in matters of the heart – and more concerned with bringing peace to the realm.Kang Eun Bo soon discovers that winning the king’s favor will not be easy; the royal court is also inundated with beautiful young women, many of whom hope to wed the king.But when the king suddenly realizes that he recognizes Kang Eun Bo from a dream, the two begin to form an unlikely bond.Will Kang Eun Bo ever find her twin’s killer? And could love bloom between the streetwise Kang Eun Bo and the idealistic king?(Source: Viki)",7.9,3173,16,"['Jin Se Yeon', 'Kim Min Gue', 'Do Sang Woo', 'Lee Yeol Eum', 'Lee Si Eon', 'Lee Hwa Kyum']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"TV Chosun,  Viki",Kim Jung Min,Choi Soo Mi
563,Miss Independent Ji Eun,https://mydramalist.com/28482-miss-independent-ji-eun,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","Miniseries, Caring Male Lead, Calm Female Lead, Male Chases Female First, Web Series, Ex-girlfriend Comes Back, Co-workers' Relationship, Workplace Setting, Best Friends' Relationship, Office Setting ","Ji Eun is a girl who enters society for the first time, getting her first job, at 24 she must make important decisions about emotions in her career and her life.(Source: Track.tv)",7.9,2182,8,"['Park Gyu Young', 'Jung Eui Jae', 'Jang Hee Won']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
564,The Gentlemen of Wolgyesu Tailor Shop,https://mydramalist.com/18716-the-gentlemen-of-wolgyesu-tailor-shop,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","Power Struggle, Family Relationship, Multiple Mains, Multiple Couples, Bromance, Friendship ","Laurel Tree Tailor Shop is family-owned and has been in business for almost a century. Its master tailor, Lee Man Sool, has perfected the dying art of creating a made-to-measure suit. Man Sool departs, only leaving a note to his wife with instructions to sell the old-fashioned shop as the business is no longer viable and he just does not have the heart to do it himself. His wife, son, and daughter are all taken aback by his decision. His former apprentice is devastated by the news of Man Sool’s disappearance and contemplates the idea of returning to the shop, which his wife forbids.Family politics are at play when Dong Jin suddenly finds himself unseated as the president of his father-in-law’s company and his wife sues him for divorce. Dong Jin decides his best move is to return to his father’s tailor shop.The seamstresses want to keep the shop open until their boss’s return, but one lady is unsure as she keeps having negative experiences with Dong Jin.What will it take to save this beloved neighborhood shop?(Source: Viki)",7.9,1378,54,"['Lee Dong Gun', 'Jo Yoon Hee', 'Cha In Pyo', 'Ra Mi Ran', 'Choi Won Young', 'Hyun Woo']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Hwang In Hyuk,Goo Hyun Sook
565,Let's Eat Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/12863-lets-eat-2,"Food,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Nice Male Lead, Love Triangle, Bromance, Nice Female Lead, Childhood Friends' Relationship, Public Officer Male Lead, Writer Female Lead, Foodie Female Lead, Secret Crush, Strong Male Lead ","The second season follows Goon Dae Yeong's character as he moves to a new building and reunites with his grade school classmate Baek Soo Ji. She’s been living alone for ten years, which means she’ll have plenty of her own single-living tips and opinions about food, setting her up to have a contentious relationship with Yoon Doo Joon.She’s a freelance writer with a crush on her other neighbor, Lee Sang Woo. He’s a civil servant who lives simply and eats simply. The sequel comes from the same PD-writer team that brought us the first season and promises another round of neighborly hijinks and, of course, lots and lots of food.",7.9,4638,18,"['Yoon Doo Joon', 'Seo Hyun Jin', 'Kwon Yool', 'Kim Hee Won', 'Hwang Seok Jung', 'Jo Eun Ji']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,"Park Joon Hwa,  Choi Kyu Shik",Unknown
566,Super Family,https://mydramalist.com/22079-super-family-2017,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Sitcom","Family Relationship, Slice Of Life, Married Female Lead, Married Male Lead, Office Worker Male Lead, Neighbors' Relationship ","This drama is about a 44-year-old man, Na Chun Il who is head of a department in a large corporation. At the same time, he must fulfil various life roles: husband, father, the eldest son, boss, subordinate. Maeng Ra Yeon is his wife, and they have a daughter Na Ik Hee.(Source: MyDramaList)",7.9,281,40,"['Park Hyuk Kwon', 'Park Sun Young', 'Kim Ji Min', 'Uhm Hyo Sub', 'Park Hee Bon', 'Kim Ki Ri']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,SBS,"Choi Moon Seok,  Lee Kwang Young",Jin Young
567,The Painter of the Wind,https://mydramalist.com/422-the-painter-of-the-wind,"Historical,  Romance,  Drama,  Political","Visual Arts, Cross-Dressing, Joseon Dynasty, Older Man/Younger Woman, LGBTQ+, Historical Fiction, Painter Female Lead, Power Struggle, Art, Hidden Identity ","Shin Yoon Bok is a talented painter who disguises herself as a boy to search for her father's murderer and meets a master painter who guides her into being a great painter. Kim Hong Do is the man who teaches Yoon Bok how to paint, and they develop a strong friendship of mentor and disciple.",7.9,1875,20,"['Park Shin Yang', 'Moon Geun Young', 'Ryu Seung Ryong', 'Bae Soo Bin', 'Im Ji Eun', 'Kim Eung Soo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Jang Tae Yoo,  Jin Hyeok",Lee Eun Young
568,Money Game,https://mydramalist.com/34172-money-game,"Mystery,  Business,  Drama,  Political","Power Struggle, Corruption, Teamwork, Investigation, Hardworking Female Lead, Greed, Injustice, Strong Female Lead, Character Development, Conspiracy ","Twenty years after the IMF's outbreak, the drama depicts the conflict between the head of the Financial Policy Bureau seeking to dispose of the Jungin Bank, which is on the verge of going bankrupt with a third of the government's shares, and the Chairman of Finance, who plans to hand over the bank to the Bahamas, a private equity fund on Wall Street.Chae Yi Heon is an economic government official who hides the fact that he’s from a wealthy family in order to be acknowledged for his own abilities. Heo Jae is an ambitious chairman who will do anything it takes to reach his goals, while Lee Hye Jun is a young woman who’s new to the workforce but has passion and morality.(Source: Soompi, HanCinema)",7.9,590,16,"['Go Soo', 'Lee Sung Min', 'Shim Eun Kyung', 'Yoo Teo', 'Choi Deok Moon', 'Choi Woong']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Kim Sang Ho,Lee Young Mi
569,Joseon Exorcist,https://mydramalist.com/60373-joseon-exorcist,"Action,  Historical,  Drama,  Fantasy","Evil Spirit, Joseon Dynasty, Royal Family, Family Relationship, Dark Fantasy, Brothers' Relationship, Taejong, Historical Figure, Historical Fiction, Greed ","During the latter part of the 14th century, King Taejong abolished the Goryeo Dynasty in order to establish the Kingdom of Joseon.  Some were aware of the deal he made with an evil spirit — which in turn used their power to possess humans who would control and terrorize the world. The king’s sons, Princes Chung Nyung and Yang Nyeong, are his main opposition, each with a different reason for standing in his way.(Source: DramaWiki)~~ The series was cancelled after two episodes.",7.9,1057,2,"['Kam Woo Sung', 'Jang Dong Yoon', 'Park Sung Hoon', 'Kim Dong Jun', 'Jung Hye Sung', 'Min Jin Woong']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),"SBS,  Viki","Shin Kyung Soo,  Nam Tae Jin",Park Kye Ok
570,Emergency Couple,https://mydramalist.com/8550-emergency-couple,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Medical","Blind Date, Bickering Mains' Relationship, Dysfunctional Family, Second Chance, Love/Hate Relationship, Workplace Setting, Ex-spouse Relationship, Age Gap [Drama Life], Age Gap [Real Life], Doctor Female Lead ","Jin Hee led a satisfying life as a dietitian. She then met medical school student Chang Min. Despite his wealthy family's strong opposition, Jin Hee and Chang Min decided to get married. Chang Min's family is full of doctors. Chang Min later on gave up his medical internship and began working as a pharmaceutical salesman.  Gradually, the relationship between Chang Min and Jin Hee began to deteriorate and with the addition of the disapproving family of Chang Min, the pair became extremely unhappy. Eventually, Chang  Min began to think terribly of Jin Hee and they finally divorced. After their divorce, Jin Hee became a medical student and now works as an intern. Chang Min also graduated from medical school and begins to work as an intern. One day, they meet in the emergency room for a hospital where they will both work together.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.9,24376,21,"['Song Ji Hyo', 'Choi Jin Hyuk', 'Lee Pil Mo', 'Choi Yeo Jin', 'Clara Lee', 'Chun Min Hee']",Not Yet Rated,tvN,Kim Chul Gyu,Choi Yoon Jung
571,Marry Me Now,https://mydramalist.com/26621-shall-we-live-together,"Romance,  Medical,  Melodrama","Nice Male Lead, Slow Burn Romance, Father-Daughter Relationship, Male Chases Female First, Friends To Lovers, Calm Male Lead, Strong Female Lead, Character Development, Mother-Son Relationship, First Love ","Park Yoo Ha studied hard in medical school and finished her internship course. She works hard to become a doctor due to her father. Her father raised 4 children by himself and her oldest sister also sacrificed for the family. Today she is married into a rich family and has a daughter. Suddenly, her father's first love, who is now a businesswoman rich enough to own a building, appears in front of him.Meanwhile, Jung Eun Tae works as a doctor. He volunteered for performing medical service abroad, but he comes back to Korea. Jung Eun Tae is not interested in marriage, because his father placed priority on his medical work over family, and Jung Eun Tae believes he is like his father.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.9,1675,50,"['Yoo Dong Geun', 'Jang Mi Hee', 'Han Ji Hye', 'Lee Sang Woo', 'Park Sun Young', 'Kang Sung Wook']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Yoon Chang Bum,Park Pil Joo
572,Moebius,https://mydramalist.com/713291-moebius-the-veil,"Action,  Thriller,  Mystery,  Crime","Agent Female Lead, Undercover Agent Male Lead, Undercover Operation, National Intelligence Service, Miniseries, Strong Female Lead, Investigation, Suspense ","The story of when Agent Seo Soo Yeon, who returns from China, gets involved in a dangerous deal with Agent Jang Chun Woo.(Source: Korean = Naver || Translated= MyDramaList)",7.9,704,2,"['Park Ha Sun', 'Jung Moon Sung', 'Jang Young Nam', 'Hwang Hee', 'Choi Deok Moon', 'Kim Jong Tae']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),MBC,Unknown,Unknown
573,Mental Coach Jegal,https://mydramalist.com/715509-mental-coach-je-gal-gil,"Comedy,  Drama,  Sports","Slight Romance, Slow Burn Romance, Coach Male Lead, Athlete Female Lead, Short Track Speed Skating, Former Athlete Male Lead, Multiple Mains, Age Gap [Drama Life], Age Gap [Real Life], Doctor Female Lead ","A sports drama about a former national athlete who quits sports after causing a scandal and becomes a mental coach to help former professional athletes who have retired and current athletes who have fallen into a slump.Je Gal Gil is a former national Taekwondo athlete who is known for his hard work and dorky charms. After he causes an unprecedented accident in the athlete’s village, Je Gal Gil is permanently expelled and coined the unlucky Taekwondo prodigy. Once he overcomes his past trauma and regains his mental health, Je Gal Gil returns to the athlete’s village as a mental coach.Cha Ga Eul is a former world-class short track speed skating gold medalist who has fallen into a slump. With her pretty poker face, she’s known as the up-and-coming “Ice Princess,” but she faces the danger of fading out when she falls into a slump. Unable to confide in anyone, Cha Ga Eul begins to beat herself up until she meets mental coach Je Gal Gil.Gu Tae Man is the director of the Human Rights Center in the Korean Olympic Committee. The former Taekwondo Olympic gold medalist has a strong desire for power and is the reason Je Gal Gil’s life was transformed overnight. With the belief that anything can be covered as long as he is No. 1, Gu Tae Min does everything he can for the top position.Park Seung Ha is a part of the mental health support team in the athlete’s village. She is the perfect example of “a kind daughter who was raised well” but endures an unexpected hardship after meeting Je Gal Gil as her first patient. Park Seung Ha ends up leaving the hospital and applying to the athlete’s village instead where she surprisingly reunites with Je Gal Gil, this time as advisor partners.(Source: Naver; Soompi)",7.9,926,16,"['Jung Woo', 'Lee You Mi', 'Kwon Yool', 'Park Se Young', 'Moon You Kang', 'Cha Soon Bae']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Son Jung Hyun,Kim Ban Di
574,Hope or Dope,https://mydramalist.com/709055-boys-flight,"Crime,  Youth,  Drama","Drugs, Countryside Setting, Teenager Female Lead, Miniseries, Friendship, Village Setting, Serious Male Lead, Independent Female Lead, High School, Slight Romance ","Eighteen-year-old Kyung Da Jung, who should be concentrating on completing her last year of high school, is used by her ruthless mother as a drug mule – transporting narcotics to drug gangs. Her mother regularly threatens her with violence if she fails to complete her dangerous, illegal missions. But when one drug deal goes wrong, she finds herself on the run, and takes refuge in a rural village deep in the South Korean countryside.What she finds in the village surprises her. Discovering a carefully cultivated marijuana field, she realizes that the field’s crop could fetch her a lot of money on the black market and is tempted to do something about it. But she also meets Gong Yoon Tak, an ordinary high schooler, as well as his family and friends. Soon, the village finds themselves sucked into Kyung Da Jung’s world as police investigators and underworld characters begin to surface there…(Source: Viki)",7.9,1841,10,"['Won Ji An', 'Yoon Chan Young', 'Yoon Hyun Soo', 'Han Se Jin', 'Yang Seo Hyun', 'Choi Young Do']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),Unknown,Jo Yong Ik,Jung Soo Yoon
575,High Kick Through the Roof!,https://mydramalist.com/387-high-kick-through-the-roof,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Sitcom","Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, Family Relationship, Multiple Mains, Older Woman/Younger Man, High School, Multiple Couples ","Shin Se Kyung and Shin Shin Ae are a pair of sisters who came to work as maids in Foodstuff company President Lee Sun Jae's house after their debt-ridden father Shin Dal Ho runs away leaving them to fend for themselves. Due to the sisters living their lives in the mountains, everything in the city (outside world) are both new and curious for them especially for the younger sister, Shin Ae. Living together with President Lee is his daughter Lee Hyun Kyung, son-in-law Jung Bo Suk, doctor-to-be son Lee Ji Hun, grandson Jung Jun Hyuk who is a high school student and grand-daughter Jung Hae Ri' Jun Hyuk's school deen, Kim Ja Ok, is in love with President Lee who is widowed.",7.9,1667,126,"['Shin Sae Kyeong', 'Seo Shin Ae', 'Lee Soon Jae', 'Oh Hyun Kyung', 'Jeong Bo Seok', 'Choi Daniel']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Kim Byung Wook,"Jo Sung Hee,  Lee So Jung,  Lee Young Chul"
576,Lovestruck in the City,https://mydramalist.com/65277-love-way-of-urban-man-woman,"Romance,  Life,  Youth,  Drama","Flashback To Past, Break Up, Fast Paced Romance, Heartbreak, Multiple Couples, Multiple Mains, Passionate Male Lead, Steamy Kiss, Double Identity, Weak Female Lead ","""Lovestruck in the City"" is a realistic portrayal of young people who pursue romance and happiness while struggling to get by in a busy, competitive urban environment. Park Jae Won is an honest man, a passionate architect and a lover of city alleyways. His hobby is collecting new hobbies. A romantic at heart, he cannot forget a certain woman. This thief of his heart, and his camera, has disappeared, much like a fleeting midsummer night’s dream.Lee Eun Oh is an ordinary woman who temporarily re-invents herself as the spontaneous and free-spirited Yun Seon Ah. On a whim, she heads to parts unknown, where Jae Won falls in love with her new identity.(Source: Netflix)",7.9,19101,17,"['Ji Chang Wook', 'Kim Ji Won', 'Kim Min Seok', 'So Ju Yeon', 'Ryu Kyung Soo', 'Han Ji Eun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Daum Kakao TV,  Netflix",Park Shin Woo,Jung Hyun Jung
577,My Golden Life,https://mydramalist.com/23949-my-golden-life,"Business,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Rich Man/Poor Woman, Rich Male Lead, Father-Daughter Relationship, Nice Male Lead, Badass Female Lead, Smart Female Lead, Forbidden Love, Depression, Smart Male Lead, Sibling Rivalry ","25 years ago, the Haesung Group lost their granddaughter Choi Eun Seok. The girl was found and raised by Seo Tae Soo as one of his twin daughters, Seo Ji Ahn and Seo Ji Soo, They grew up rich, but their father was bankrupt, and they had to experience the hard life of a dirt spoon. Ji Ahn is now a contract worker at Haesung Group who would do anything for a job, while Ji Soo is an air-headed part-timer who has a one-sided crush on Sun Woo Hyuk. Unknown to her that Woo Hyuk was in love with Ji Ahn in high school.Choi Do Kyung is Haesung Group's oldest grandson. He is gentle and kind, but being too good yet still single makes his employees spread weird rumors about him. He meets Ji Ahn in a car accident and comes to know her sad situation, but his biggest shock is when his mother reveals that his lost sister is Ji Ahn.",7.9,3828,52,"['Park Shi Hoo', 'Shin Hye Sun', 'Seo Eun Soo', 'Lee Tae Hwan', 'Lee Da In', 'Lee Tae Sung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Kim Hyoung Seok,So Hyun Kyung
578,Wednesday 3,https://mydramalist.com/22926-wednesday-330-p.m,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Youth","Web Series, Friends To Lovers, Love Triangle, Cohabitation, Break Up, Nice Male Lead, Sweet Male Lead, Older Woman/Younger Man, Fire Accident, Infidelity ","If you still can’t get over your ex-boyfriend, how do you win his heart back?Seon Eun Woo was dumped by her boyfriend, Baek Seung Gyu. But she can’t get over her feelings for him and wants him back. Then she has a brilliant idea. Eun Woo enlists the help of her longtime childhood friend, Yoon Jae Won, to enter into a fake relationship with her with the goal of making Seung Gyu jealous. Jae Won moves in with Eun Woo to play out her elaborate scheme to show off their love all over her social media. But how will Kim Hye Won spoil Eun Woo’s perfect plan? And what happens when Eun Woo and Jae Won’s pretend feelings start to turn real?(Source: Viki)~~ Two versions available: 15 episodes (Oksusu) || 10 episodes (SBS)",7.9,8848,15,"['Hong Bin', 'Jin Ki Joo', 'Ahn Bo Hyun', 'Cha Jung Won', 'Kim Hye Ji', 'Min Ji Yul']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Oksusu,Lee Jung Hoon,Unknown
579,Different Dreams,https://mydramalist.com/25843-different-dreams,"Action,  Historical,  Romance,  Medical","Strong Female Lead, Police Department Setting, Surgeon Female Lead, Doctor Female Lead, Doctor-Patient Relationship, Return From Abroad, Death Of An Adoptive Father, Freedom, Cold Female Lead, Historical Fiction ","A turning point in Korean history, one never to be forgotten is presented in this engaging historical drama, celebrating its 100th anniversary. In 1919, during the Japanese colonial period, two events paved the way for the independence of Korea, the March 1st Movement and the establishment of the Korean Provisional Government. And with it, a covert armament for freedom was born, the Heroic Corps. Historically and in the drama, the man leading the corps goes by the name of Kim Won Bong, his real name only a few people know. He rarely stays in one area for more than two hours and sleeps for only short periods at a time. With fiery passion in his heart, he moves about swiftly and dreams for his country's independence. Lee Young Jin a Korean woman raised by a Japanese military doctor follows in her adopted father's footsteps, and through a series of events, attends a prestigious medical university in Shanghai. She returns to Joseon and becomes the first female surgeon. The two of them cross paths, and although they follow different ideologies, Won Bong soon realizes his need for her and begins to regret sending her deep into enemy territory. These two characters will walk together, sometimes run, sometimes fall, only to get back up again to chase their dreams. Bearing with them the pain and suffering of the historical events that shaped Korea's independence, they hope to instil the past so that it will never be forgotten.(Source: Viki)",7.9,659,40,"['Lee Yo Won', 'Yoo Ji Tae', 'Im Joo Hwan', 'Nam Gyu Ri', 'Yoon Jong Hwa', 'Lee Hae Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Yoon Sang Ho,Jo Gyoo Won
580,Stairway to Heaven,https://mydramalist.com/240-stairway-to-heaven,"Romance,  Melodrama","Childhood Friends' Relationship, Fashion Industry, Star Crossed Lovers, Family Relationship, Evil Stepmother, Love Square, Fate, Amnesia, First Love, Friendship ","The relationship of childhood sweethearts Cha Song Joo and Hang Jung Suh becomes complicated when Jung Suh's father remarries. Along with a new stepmother, Jung Suh also has a new introverted stepbrother, Han Tae Hwa and a scheming stepsister, Han Yuri. Gradually, Tae Hwa falls in love with kind-hearted Jung Suh and Yuri decides to pursue Song Joo. Nothing can shake the bond between Jung Suh and Song Joo, however, not even Song Joo's departure to study abroad in America.On the night of his return, however, Jung Suh is mysteriously hit by a car and believed dead. Having lost her memory in the crash, she is taken in by Tae Hwa, who relocates and gives her another name. Five years later, on the eve of his engagement to Yuri, Song Joo sees someone who looks exactly like his lost love Jung Suh.",7.9,5683,20,"['Choi Ji Woo', 'Kwon Sang Woo', 'Shin Hyun Joon', 'Kim Tae Hee', 'Kim Ji Suk', 'Ha Jae Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Lee Jang Soo,"Moon Hee Jung,  Kim Nam Hee"
581,"My Lawyer, Mr. Jo",https://mydramalist.com/16379-my-lawyer-mr.-jo,"Mystery,  Comedy,  Law","Adapted From A Webtoon, Investigation, Law Firm Setting, Criminal Justice System, Lawyer Male Lead, Wrongfully Accused, Death, Misunderstanding, Strong Female Lead ","Once a star prosecutor with a bright future, Jo Deul Ho loses everything after becoming a whistleblower against the intolerable corruption he witnesses. He instead rebuilds his life as a lawyer at a small neighborhood law practice, committed to justice and protecting the innocent.",7.9,1182,20,"['Park Shin Yang', 'Kang So Ra', 'Park Sol Mi', 'Ryu Soo Young', 'Heo Jung Eun', 'Kang Shin Il']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Lee Jung Sub,  Lee Eun Jin","Yoo Young Sun,  Lee Hyang Hee"
582,Devilish Joy,https://mydramalist.com/26979-devilish-joy,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Amnesia, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Hardworking Female Lead, Steamy Kiss, Love At First Sight, Riches To Rags, Psychological, Trauma, Rich Male Lead, Misunderstanding ","Would you choose to love someone you could never remember?Gong Ma Sung grew up having a difficult life and experiencing hardships, yet still making joy from it. He is the successor to the Sunwoo company and excels in anything to do with the cranial nerve. From his difficulties, he is respected and looked up to as a brilliant man. One day, his kindness destroys his life. Whilst trying to help a woman in trouble, he gets into an accident, and his life completely changes. He loses the ability to remember, and his memory is only limited to one day. Now, before he goes to sleep and forgets everything, he notes all events from that one day. He wakes up with no recollection of the past and reads back on his notes to memorize.His life changes further when he meets Joo Gi Bbeum, a once-popular star, who was loved by all. She is not as revered as she once was, having to go through a horrible experience that shaped who she is in the present, ruined her confidence, and destroyed her future. When they meet, Gong Ma Sung falls in love with her, and a connection is formed. But how do you develop love when every day seems like the beginning?(Source: AJ at MyDramaList)",7.9,10213,16,"['Choi Jin Hyuk', 'Song  Ha Yoon', 'Lee Ho Won', 'Lee  Joo Yeon', 'Lee Soo Ji', 'Kim Min Sang']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"DramaX,  MBN,  Viki",Kim Ga Ram,Choi Ji Yeon
583,The Girl Who Sees Scents,https://mydramalist.com/13103-the-girl-who-sees-scents,"Mystery,  Romance,  Supernatural","Amnesia, Tragic Past, Nice Male Lead, Prosopagnosia, Female Chases Male First, Synesthesia, Special Power, Orphan Female Lead, Strong Female Lead, Murder ","Officer Choi Moo Gak lost his younger sister to a barcode-murder case and lost his ability to taste, smell, and feel pain. He then meets a girl named Oh Cho Rim, who is the only witness to the murder case and possesses a special sixth sense, which is the ability to see smells. ~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Naemsaereul Boneun Sonyeo"" by Man Chwi.",7.9,21931,16,"['Park Yoo Chun', 'Shin Sae Kyeong', 'Namkoong Min', 'Yoon Jin Seo', 'Song Jong Ho', 'Lee Won Jong']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Baek Soo Chan,Lee Hee Myung
584,Delightfully Deceitful,https://mydramalist.com/721135-beneficial-fraud,"Comedy,  Crime,  Drama","Revenge, Polar Opposites, Trauma, Swindler Female Lead, Teamwork, Smart Female Lead, Fraud, Deception, Morality, Breaking The Fourth Wall ","Clever con artist Lee Ro Um suffers from a distinct lack of empathy. One day, she is falsely implicated on charges of killing her estranged parents. She is exonerated after 10 years with the help of a passionate, highly empathetic lawyer, Han Moo Young.The two come to form an unlikely alliance to fight against wrongdoers and exact revenge on them.(Source: The Korea Times)",7.9,2245,16,"['Chun Woo Hee', 'Kim Dong Wook', 'Yoon Park', 'Park So Jin', 'Lee Yeon', 'Hong Seung Bum']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Lee Soo Hyun,Han Woo Joo
585,The One and Only,https://mydramalist.com/686407-only-one-person,"Mystery,  Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Terminal Illness, Hospice Care, Orphan Male Lead, Murder, Investigation, Skilled Killer, Death, Tragic Past, Cynical Male Lead, Insomnia ","When Pyo In Sook was a child, her parents abandoned her with her grandmother who raised her. Her life has never been easy or comfortable. She now works at a public bathhouse scrubbing customer's bodies. Her defense mechanism is to not express her feelings to other people. One day, a doctor tells her she has a terminal illness and will die soon. Even coming face-to-face with her own mortality, In Sook remains emotionless. She begins receiving care at a hospice and meets two women with lives very different from her own: Seong Mi Do, a social media influencer, and Kang Se Yeon, an ordinary housewife who feels lonely and taken for granted. One rainy day, In Sook meets Min Woo Cheon, a contract killer who works at a private detective office. Woo Cheon's cool exterior masks a deep sadness. Each of the three women decides to end the life of one person who has done them wrong before they die, but in becoming friends, their anger begins to subside. When In Sook and Woo Cheon develop feelings for each other, though, she begins to rethink her plans.(Source: VIKI, AsianWiki)",7.9,3590,16,"['Ahn Eun Jin', 'Kim Kyung Nam', 'Kang Ye Won', 'Joy', 'Go Doo Shim', 'Jang Hyun Sung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,Oh Hyun Jong,Moon Jung Min
586,Doctor Stranger,https://mydramalist.com/8933-doctor-stranger,"Thriller,  Romance,  Drama,  Medical","Nice Male Lead, Love Triangle, Scheme, Hidden Identity, Love Square, Kidnapping, Second Chance, North Korean Female Lead, Hospital Setting, Surgeon Male Lead ","As a child, Park Hoon and his father were kidnapped by North Korea. In North Korea, he was trained to become a doctor by his father who was already a doctor. Park Hoon became a genius-like heart surgeon. He then flees to South Korea. Park Hoon begins to work as a doctor in South Korea's top hospital Myeongwoo University Hospital, but he feels like a complete outsider. To bring his love from North Korea, he does anything to make money.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.9,32821,20,"['Lee Jong Suk', 'Jin Se Yeon', 'Kang So Ra', 'Park Hae Jin', 'Chun Ho Jin', 'Lee Jae Won']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Hong Jong Chan,  Jin Hyeok",Park Jin Woo
587,Should We Kiss First?,https://mydramalist.com/26280-should-we-kiss-first,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Melodrama","Workplace Setting, Best Friends' Relationship, Airport Setting, Plane Setting, Flight Attendant Supporting Character, Flight Attendant Female Lead, Neighbors' Relationship, Company President (CEO) Male Lead, Married Life, Single Male Lead ",Four adults who have lost faith in love find a way to begin again. Son Moo Han is the managing director of an advertising company. Ahn Soon Jin is a flight attendant who lost her daughter. The drama shows the not-so-innocent tale of love amongst experienced lovers.(Source: SBS International),7.9,843,40,"['Kam Woo Sung', 'Kim Sun Ah', 'Oh Ji Ho', 'Park Shi Yeon', 'Kim Sung Soo', 'Ye Ji Won']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Son Jung Hyun,Bae Yoo Mi
588,Heart to Heart,https://mydramalist.com/11582-heart-to-heart,"Psychological,  Comedy,  Romance","Trauma, Shy Female Lead, Mental Illness, Healing, Tragic Past, Psychiatrist Male Lead, Doctor Male Lead, Steamy Kiss, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Detective Male Lead ","Cha Hong Do suffers from social phobia and has a problem with severe blushing. She does have a strong sense of curiosity and learns from books and the internet. One day, her grandmother, Cha Hong Do's only contact with the outside world, dies. She then begins doing housework as a maid, but disguises herself as an elderly woman. Through an incident, she meets a psychiatrist, Ko Yi Seok.",7.9,5907,16,"['Choi Kang Hee', 'Chun Jung Myung', 'Lee Jae Yoon', 'Ahn So Hee', 'Hwang Seung Eon', 'Lee Moon Jung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Lee Yoon Jung,Lee Jung Ah
589,Sad Love Story,https://mydramalist.com/1184-sad-love-story,"Romance,  Life,  Drama,  Melodrama","Composer Male Lead, Record Producer Male Lead, Singer Female Lead, Lovers Separated, Tearjerker, Disability, Blindness, Second Chance, Rich Male Lead, First Love ","Sad Sonata is a love story about two men and one woman. The young Joon Young, who was raised by his mother who sold liquor to American soldiers, met the blind Hae In and they became childhood sweethearts. Then, Hae In immigrated to the U.S. following her aunt and her uncle, an American soldier that married her aunt. There she met Gun Woo, who was Joon Young's best friend and the son of a very rich man. After she received a letter from Hwa Jung saying that Joon Young is dead, she accepted Gun Woo's love. After an operation, Hae In was able to see again . The story picks up again when composer Joon Young, singer Hae In, and music producer Gun Woo all meet again.",7.9,1687,20,"['Yeon Jung Hoon', 'Kim Hee Sun', 'Kwon Sang Woo', 'Kim Yun Joo', 'Hong Seok Cheon', 'Kim Hee Jung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Yoo Chul Yong,"Lee Sung Eun,  Han Sul Hee"
590,City Hall,https://mydramalist.com/251-city-hall,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Political","Public Officer Male Lead, Political Campaign, Abuse Of Power, Political Corruption, Ambitious Male Lead, Civil Service, Illegitimate Male Lead, Political Intrigue, Eccentric Female Lead, Forbidden Love ","City Hall is a drama that deals with politics in a romantic comedy genre. It's about the happenings between a young woman mayor and an elite bureaucrat. Jo Gook is an exceedingly smart government official. He passed the Higher Civil Service quickly and basically is the perfect guy. But being a deputy mayor is not enough for him. He lives with the dream of becoming South Korea's President. He should have easily gone straight to the top, but due to an unexpected incident, he gets dispatched as a deputy mayor for a provincial small town, Inju City, where Shin Mi Rae is working. Shin Mi Rae is a low-ranking secretary in Inju, but she works her way up to become the youngest City Mayor. As their paths meet, they have to deal with each other's personal and social differences. But despite their constant bickerings, will they end up in each other's arms?",7.9,3707,20,"['Kim Sun Ah', 'Cha Seung Won', 'Lee Hyung Chul', 'Kim Jin Sung', 'Shin Jung Keun', 'Jung  Soo Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Shin Woo Cheol,Kim Eun Sook
591,Eve,https://mydramalist.com/710941-eve-s-scandal,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Scheme, Rich Female Lead, Orphan Male Lead, Death, Strong Female Lead, Revenge, Politician Male Lead, Company President (CEO) Male Lead, Married Life, Strict Parent ","Lee Ra El was a girl who idolized her loving parents – a highly intelligent father and a strikingly beautiful mother. But when cruel forces beyond their control cause her father’s death, her family crumbles. Embittered by this terrible experience, she vows revenge on the super-rich people who orchestrated this terrible tragedy. Her prime target is Kang Yoon Kyum, the CEO of the lucrative LY Group business empire, and one of the ringleaders of the plot that ultimately destroyed her family.Lee Ra El’s weapon of choice is divorce. By placing herself at the center of a legal battle worth a staggering USD 1.6 billion, she hopes to bring Kang Yoon Kyum and LY Group down once and for all. But in order to do so, she will need to wage a bitter legal struggle and fight powerful forces both inside and outside the courtroom. However, this plan has been in the pipelines for 13 years for Lee Ra El, who believes she will use all of her guile to catch Kang Yoon Kyum out when he least expects it. Can revenge bring her the satisfaction she craves – or will it end up consuming her?(Source: Viki)",7.9,7616,16,"['Seo Yea Ji', 'Park Byung Eun', 'Yoo  Sun', 'Lee Sang Yeob', 'Jeon Gook Hwan', 'Jung Hae Kyun']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),tvN,Park Bong Sub,Yoon Young Mi
592,Jejoongwon,https://mydramalist.com/796-jejoongwon,"Historical,  Romance,  Drama,  Medical","Joseon Dynasty, Hardworking Male Lead, Poor Male Lead, Inspired By Real Events, Korean Empire, Strong Female Lead, Selfless Female Lead, Selfless Male Lead, Self-sacrifice, Korean Independence ","Jejoongwon is the first modern hospital in Korea established in the Joseon era in 1885. Baek Do Yang is a nobleman who gives up his status to enter its ranks. Hwang Jung is a butcher's son who becomes a physician, while Seok Ran enters Jejoongwon as an interpreter but takes on medical training to become a doctor.",7.9,357,36,"['Han Hye Jin', 'Park Yong Woo', 'Yeon Jung Hoon', 'Won Ki Joon', 'Kang Nam Gil', 'Kwon Hae Hyo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Hong Chang Wook,Lee Ki Won
593,Lucifer,https://mydramalist.com/494-lucifer,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Supernatural","Cold Man/Warm Woman, Revenge, Love Triangle, Investigation, Suspense, Antihero Male Lead, Morally Ambiguous Male Lead, Detective Male Lead, Cheerful Female Lead, Tarot ","When Homicide Detective Kang Oh Soo hit a dead end in his investigation of two seemly unrelated murders, except for the Tarot cards left behind at both crime scenes, he sought help from Seo Hae In, a woman with Token-object reading ability. She revealed that the killers were different in each murder, but the victims were chosen for their connection to a death of a high school boy. Later, the cases proved to have one more thing in common: the suspects had the same defense attorney, Oh Seung Ha.Seung Ha's defense for his clients severely shaken Oh Soo's conviction to catch the Tarot Card mastermind. Oh Soo was reminded that years ago, he had killed a high school classmate in a fight. He was acquitted of all charges and began his life anew. Now, someone has come back to get revenge for the boy's wrongful death by killing those who got him off.",7.9,1642,20,"['Uhm Tae Woong', 'Shin Min Ah', 'Joo Ji Hoon', 'Jung Dong Hwan', 'Choi Deok Moon', 'Yoon Hye Kyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Park Chan Hong,Kim Ji Woo
594,"Hur Jun, the Original Story",https://mydramalist.com/6403-hur-jun-the-original-story,"Historical,  Drama,  Medical","Doctor Male Lead, Strong Male Lead, Disease, Healing, Smart Male Lead, Illness, Joseon Dynasty, Death, Poor Male Lead, Royalty ","A TV series that traces the life of a man who beat the oppressive caste system to rise to the top in his field. The actual Hur Jun, the Original Story wrote Dongui Bogam, which is registered as a UNESCO Memory of the World, 400 years ago. Even after his death, Hur Jun, the Original Story' book is used by oriental doctors in the 21st century to heal people.(Source: MBC)",7.9,217,135,"['Park Eun Bin', 'Kim  Joo Hyuk', 'Namkoong Min', 'Park Jin Hee', 'Joo Ah Sung', 'Kim Hyuk']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Kim Keun Hong,  Kwon Sung Chang",Choi Wan Kyu
595,Shining Inheritance,https://mydramalist.com/70-shining-inheritance,"Romance,  Melodrama","Evil Stepmother, Riches To Rags, Hardworking Female Lead, Selfish Mother, Evil Parental Figure, Rich Male Lead, Slow Romance, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Family Dispute, Rich Family ","Go Eun Sung's life is similar to Cinderella's. After her father died, her step-mother, Baek Sung Hee, took away all of her assets and her younger brother, Eun Woo, suddenly disappears without a trace. Despite this, Eun Sung perseveres and works really hard to fulfil her dreams. When the CEO of a food company, Jang Sook Ja, suffers amnesia and can't remember who she is, Eun Sung takes her in. However, Eun Sung does not know that she is the grandmother of Sun Woo Hwan, the man who she switched bags with at the airport. How will their constant bickering lead them to realize that they care more about each other than they let on?",7.9,14560,28,"['Han Hyo Joo', 'Lee Seung Gi', 'Bae Soo Bin', 'Moon Chae Won', 'Ban Hyo Jung', 'Lee Seung Hyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Jin Hyeok,So Hyun Kyung
596,Doctors,https://mydramalist.com/16192-doctors,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Medical","Older Man/Younger Woman, Calm Male Lead, Student-Teacher Relationship, Nice Male Lead, Badass Female Lead, Strong Female Lead, Male Chases Female First, Revenge, Tragic Past, Character Development ","Yoo Hye Jung was a tough bully in school with a prickly personality and always goes wayward. She had many scars from her childhood and through self-preservation, Hye Jung keeps her heart shut away from other people. However, she changes after meeting her mentor Hong Ji Hong who plays a key role in transforming her life from a helpless gangster to a compassionate doctor.(Source: iQiyi)",7.9,32923,20,"['Kim Rae Won', 'Park Shin Hye', 'Yoon Kyun Sang', 'Lee Sung Kyung', 'Moon Ji In', 'Uhm Hyo Sub']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Oh Choong Hwan,Ha Myung Hee
597,Tracer Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/719957-tracer-season-2,"Action,  Thriller,  Mystery,  Drama","Confident Male Lead, Corruption, Revenge, Investigation, Suspense, Miniseries ","Dong Joo's journey to reveal the secrets behind his father's death continues. Tae Joon leads the NTS full of ambition. Dong Joo finds out that Tae Joon is related to his father's death and looks for additional evidence. Along with unlocking the secrets behind Dong Joo's father's death, Bureau Five continues to punish the tax evasion, secret funds, and corrupt trading of top officials in the country. Will Dong Joo and his teammates complete their journey in success?(Source: Viki)",7.9,438,8,"['Yim Si Wan', 'Son Hyun Joo', 'Go Ah Sung', 'Park Yong Woo', 'Jeon Ik Ryung', 'Moon Won Ju']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Lee Seung Young,Kim Hyun Jung
598,Where Stars Land,https://mydramalist.com/28621-incheon-airport-people,"Comedy,  Romance,  Fantasy,  Melodrama","Cold Man/Warm Woman, Teamwork, Flashback To Past, Male Chases Female First, Clumsy Female Lead, Airhead Female Lead, Steamy Kiss, Reserved Male Lead, Car Accident, Tough Male Lead ","Where Stars Land follows the lives of workers at Incheon Airport, and in particular, the interactions between a clumsy, yet bubbly, woman named Han Yeo Reum and a prickly and mysterious man named Lee Soo Yeon.Han Yeo Reum is a first year member of the Passenger Services team and is anything but ordinary. She wants to be a perfectionist and get everything right but her very clumsy and reckless nature goes against this dream. She has a good heart and strives to do the right thing even if it means going against the rules.Lee Soo Yeon is also a first year member of the General Planning department. He is a perfectionist who wants nothing but to be ordinary. He graduated from KAIST and dreamed of becoming a pilot. He seems cold and aloof when in fact he is lonely, but a mysterious secret he hides causes him to distance himself from everyone he interacts with.When these two polar opposite individuals interact, they start off at the wrong foot. But over time, can a love develop?(Source: AJ at MyDramaList)",7.9,14717,32,"['Chae Soo Bin', 'Lee Je Hoon', 'Lee Dong Gun', 'Kim Jee Soo', 'Kim Kyung Nam', 'Lee Soo Kyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"SBS,  Viki",Shin Woo Cheol,Kang Eun Kyung
599,We Are Peaceful Brothers,https://mydramalist.com/26138-we-are-peaceful-brothers,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Youth","Bromance, Cohabitation, Web Series, Adapted From A Webtoon, Rich Female Lead, Nice Male Lead, Gaming, Unrequited Love, Misunderstanding, Love Triangle ","This webdrama is a webtoon adaptation with  the same title. Lee Yoon and Lee Sang are two brothers. They live together but they have different personnalities. The older brother, Lee Yoon is a designer and the youngest, Lee Sang is a student.",7.9,1220,15,"['Steve Noh', 'Kim Min Gue', 'Kim Da Ye', 'Kim Chae Eun', 'Shin Young Kyu', 'Han Seo Joon']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
600,Maids,https://mydramalist.com/11544-maids,"Historical,  Romance,  Drama","Historical Fiction, Calm Male Lead, Riches To Rags, Joseon Dynasty, Hidden Identity, Strong Female Lead, Servant Male Lead ","Kook In Yeob is the only child in a noble family. She is famous for her beautiful and stylish appearance. Due to an incident, her status falls to the lower class. As she struggles through her misfortune, she becomes stronger.Servant Moo Myung is the most attractive servant in Hanyang, but he is also a mysterious man who hides his real identity and pretends to be a servant.(Source: d-addicts)",7.9,1554,20,"['Jung Yoo Mi', 'Oh Ji Ho', 'Kim Dong Wook', 'Jeon So Min', 'Lee Shi Ah', 'Lee Chae Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,Jo Hyun Taek,Jo Hyun Kyung
601,The Wind Blows,https://mydramalist.com/33338-the-wind-blows,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Ex-spouse Relationship, Hardship, Neurological Disorder, Competent Female Lead, Divorced Male Lead, Divorced Female Lead, Nice Female Lead, Hardworking Female Lead, Fake Identity, Secret Crush ",“The Wind Blows” is a story about a man who decided to divorce his beloved wife after suffering from Alzheimer’s disease and a woman who decided to divorce her husband to have children. The plot unfolds six years later when they reunite.(Source: Soompi),7.9,731,16,"['Kam Woo Sung', 'Kim Ha Neul', 'Kim Sung Cheol', 'Kim Ga Eun', 'Lee Joon Hyuk', 'Yoon  Ji Hye']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,"Jung Jung Hwa,  Kim Bo Kyung",Hwang Joo Ha
602,Road Number One,https://mydramalist.com/665-road-number-one,"Action,  Romance,  Drama,  War","Lovers Separated, Time Skip, Pre-produced, Death, Korean War, Love Triangle, Military ","Based on the events occurring around ""Route 1"", which lies between Seoul and Pyongyang. The story about Officer Lee Jang Woo who finds himself in a war that he is not prepared for in order to protect Soo Yeon, the woman he has known and loved since youth. However, he is able to put it past him and he displays extraordinary survival skills, friendship, cooperation and ideology under brutal war conditions. Soo Yeon awaits Jang Woo's return, but eventually gets engaged to Tae Ho. When Jang Woo returns alive, however, Tae Ho discovers Jang Woo and Soo Yeon's unbreakable bond and feels betrayed.",7.9,565,20,"['So Ji Sub', 'Yoon Kye Sang', 'Kim Ha Neul', 'Choi Min Soo', 'Kim Jung Woon', 'Han Ye Ri']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Lee Jang Soo,  Kim Jin Min",Han Ji Hoon
603,Cain and Abel,https://mydramalist.com/529-cain-and-abel,"Action,  Thriller,  Drama,  Medical","Amnesia, Revenge, Jealousy, Romance, Suspense, Brothers' Relationship ","Based on the biblical story of Adam and Eve's first two sons, Cain and Abel is about Cain's jealousy towards his brother Abel. Lee Cho In is a very gifted doctor who has everything that he wants whereas his older brother, Seon Woo, is jealous of all the attention that Cho In receives. Seon Woo blames his brother for taking everything good in his life away from him. Seon Woo blames Cho In for getting their father's love, getting more recognition as a doctor, and for stealing the woman he loves.",7.9,2578,20,"['So Ji Sub', 'Han Ji Min', 'Shin Hyun Joon', 'Chae Jung An', 'Han Da Min', 'Baek Seung Hyun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Kim Hyung Shik,Park Kye Ok
604,Roommates of Poongduck 304,https://mydramalist.com/723171-the-circumstances-of-pungdeok-villa-room-304,"Business,  Romance","Bisexual Male Lead, LGBTQ+, Landlord Male Lead, Office Worker Male Lead, Team Leader Male Lead, Gay Male Lead, Housemates' Relationship, Gay Romance, Superior/Subordinate Relationship, Miniseries ","Ji Ho Jun, 29, a happy-go-lucky third-generation chaebol of Guemman Group, receives an ultimatum from his father to:1. Leave the house penniless and survive for two years; and2. Achieve results as a team leader in the new business team of the Guemman Group.Ho Jun was kicked out and moved to Villa, which he came to in a BMW Convertible. When he arrives, Seo Jae Yoon, the owner of the villa, ignores and treats him as a swampy man who drives a luxury car penniless. However, it turns out they work in the same company when they meet as a team leader and subordinate. What will happen between them?(Source: BLUpdate2020)",7.9,13367,8,"['Kim Ji Woong', 'Yoon Seo Bin', 'Kang Woo Jung', 'Holland', 'Seo Dong Oh', 'Yoo Ji Hoo']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Unknown,Teddy Hwang,No Ga Jung
605,A Poem a Day,https://mydramalist.com/25174-you-who-forgot-poetry,"Romance,  Life,  Drama,  Medical","Poetry, Nice Female Lead, Hardworking Female Lead, Strong Male Lead, Smart Male Lead, Nice Male Lead, Female Chases Male First, Love Triangle, Hardworking Male Lead, Tough Male Lead ","The story of lives of people who work at the hospital like physical therapists, rehabilitation therapists, radiologists, nurses, medical trainees and more.Ye Jae Wook works as a physical therapist and also teaches in the same field. He begins to work as a team leader at a hospital. Woo Bo Young has been working as a physical therapist for 3 years. She wanted to become a poet, but due to her poor family background, she studied to become a physical therapist. Shin Min Ho is a trainee, but he isn’t interested in physical therapy. His grades weren’t good enough for medical school and his parents, who are both doctors, made him study physical therapy.(Source: KoreanDrama.org)",7.9,6526,16,"['Lee Yoo Bi', 'Lee Joon Hyuk', 'Jang Dong Yoon', 'Seo Hyun Chul', 'Lee Chae Young', 'Kim Jae Bum']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Han Sang Jae,"Baek Sun Woo,  Myung Soo Hyun,  Choi Bo Rim"
606,Matrimonial Chaos,https://mydramalist.com/29928-the-best-divorce,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Personal Assistant Supporting Character, Married Female Lead, Married Male Lead, Cheerful Female Lead, Grandma-Grandson Relationship, Failing Marriage, Family Relationship, Infidelity, Eccentric Male Lead, Multiple Couples ","Jo Seok Moo graduated from a prestigious university, but he pursued his dream of becoming a musician rather than finding a traditional job. Jo Seok Moo did not become a musician and because of his advanced age, he could not land a decent job. He then began working at a security service company. There, he met Kang Hwi Ru for the first time as his customer. They have been married for 3 years now, but Jo Seok Moo asks for a divorce. They do not have very much in common. Jo Seok Moo has a stubborn personality and enjoys spending time alone, while Kang Hwi Ru is easy-going and has a positive personality.Another married couple, Jin Yoo Young and Lee Jang Hyun appear. Jin Yoo Young is Jo Seok Moo’s first love.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.9,1214,32,"['Cha Tae Hyun', 'Bae Doo Na', 'Lee El', 'Son Suk Ku', 'Wi Ha Joon', 'Moon Sook']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Yoo Hyun Ki,  Kim Min Kyung",Moon Jung Min
607,River Where the Moon Rises,https://mydramalist.com/68055-cut-to-heart,"Action,  Historical,  Romance,  Political","Strong Female Lead, Smart Female Lead, Three Kingdoms Of Korea, Goguryeo Dynasty, Female Lead Action Scenes, Revenge, Skilled Killer, War, Amnesia, Nice Male Lead ","Born a princess and raised a soldier, Pyeong Gang is a woman with big dreams and limitless ambition. Determined to become the first Empress of Goguryeo, Pyeong Gang will stop at nothing to make her dream come true. Clever and level-headed, Pyeong Gang is well aware of the obstacles that stand in her way, but she's more than capable of taking them on. However, things take an unexpected turn the day she meets On Dal, a peace-loving man whose sole goal in life is to live in harmony with those around him. On Dal is the exact opposite of the ambitious princess. He is an oasis of calm amid the turbulent storms in Pyeong Gang's life. The warrior princess soon finds herself falling for gentle On Dal. He's equally in love with the princess, whose heart he now possesses. He finds himself forsaking his principles to keep her safe, an endeavor proving to be increasingly difficult as warring factions lethally vie for the throne. Forced to match both wits and strength against some of the most powerful people in Goguryeo, Pyeong Gang's quest for power could very well cost her everything. Does she have what it takes to realize her goals, or will the price prove to be too much to pay?(Source: Viki)~~ Adapted from the novel “Princess Pyeonggang” (평강공주) by Choi Sa Gyu (최사규).",7.9,4477,20,"['Kim So Hyun', 'Na In Woo', 'Lee Ji Hoon', 'Choi Yoo Hwa', 'Kim Bup Rae', 'Lee Hae Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"KBS2,  Viki,  ViuTV",Yoon Sang Ho,Han Ji Hoon
608,Anna,https://mydramalist.com/39667-anna,"Thriller,  Drama","Miniseries, Web Series, Suspense, Antisocial Personality Disorder, Antihero Male Lead, Ripley Syndrome, Mental Illness, Adapted From A Novel ","Yoo Mi is the woman who tells a small lie and ends up living someone else’s life. Hyun Joo is a woman who lives her life holding herself above everyone, treating them with neither kindness nor malice. She has a subtly tense relationship with Yoo Mi. Ji Hoon is Yoo Mi’s husband who is ambitious and future-oriented. Ji Won is a dependable senior who is the only person whom Yoo Mi trusts.(Source: Naver)~~ Adapted from the novel ""Chinmilhan Ibangin"" (친밀한 이방인) by Jung Han Ah (정한아).",7.9,4590,6,"['Bae Suzy', 'Jung Eun Chae', 'Kim Joon Han', 'Park Ye Young', 'Heo Hyung Kyu', 'Kang Shin Chul']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Lee Joo Young,Unknown
609,Battle for Happiness,https://mydramalist.com/737445-happiness-battle,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Drama","Female Centered Plot, Office Worker Female Lead, Hatred, Social Media, Secret, Greed, Female Rivalry, Rich Female Lead, Jealousy, Multiple Mains ","A suspense drama depicting mothers engaged in a fierce social media battle to destroy each others' happiness for their own, to free themselves from oppression, hurt, and secrets, and regain their true selves.(Source: HanCinema)~~ Adapted from the novel ""Haengbokbaeteul"" (행복배틀) by Joo Young Ha (주영하).",7.9,598,16,"['Lee El', 'Jin Seo Yun', 'Cha Ye Ryun', 'Park  Hyo Joo', 'Woo Jeong Won', 'Son Woo Hyun']",Not Yet Rated,"Amazon Prime,  ENA,  TVING",Kim Yoon Cheol,Joo Young Ha
610,Bride of the Century,https://mydramalist.com/8539-bride-of-the-century,"Mystery,  Comedy,  Romance,  Supernatural","Arranged Marriage, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Rich Male Lead, Orphan Female Lead, Strong Female Lead, Doppelganger, Double Identity, Love/Hate Relationship, Love Triangle, Poor Female Lead ","Taeyang Group is the largest conglomerate in South Korea but the Choi family, who runs Taeyang, has supposedly been under a hundred-year-curse - the first bride of the eldest son will always die. Choi Kang Joo, the current heir to Taeyang Group, had been arranged to marry heiress Jang Yi Kyung when she suddenly disappears. The Jang family, desperate to maintain the engagement, finds a poor village girl, Na Doo Rim, who looks exactly like Jang Yi Kyung, and convinces her to masquerade as the missing heiress in exchange for a sizeable sum of money. Na Doo Rim's sweet and sunny personality captivates Choi Kang Joo but he has no idea about her hidden identity nor about his family's hundred-year-curse. What will happen when these two people end up falling in love with each other? (Source: MyDramaList)",7.9,13347,16,"['Yang  Jin Sung', 'Lee Hong Ki', 'Sung Hyuk', 'Lee Hee Won', 'Shin Eun Jung', 'Choi Il Hwa']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,TV Chosun,Yoon Sang Ho,Baek Young Sook
611,Trap,https://mydramalist.com/30933-trap,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Psychological,  Drama","Investigation, Suspense, Action, Broadcasting Industry, Graphic Violence, Police Department Setting, News Presenter Male Lead, Detective Fiction, Detective Male Lead, Dark Fiction ","Kang Woo Hyun is a respected anchor at a broadcasting station. He has a lovely family and he is asked to enter the political field. His life seems perfect. One day, he goes on a trip with his family and a tragic situation occurs. Meanwhile, Go Dong Kook is a veteran detective. He takes Kang Woo Hyun's case and investigates.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.9,1544,7,"['Lee Seo Jin', 'Sung Dong Il', 'Im Hwa Young', 'Kim Kwang Gyu', 'Seo Young Hee', 'Yoon Gyung Ho']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,OCN,Park Shin Woo,Nam Sang Wook
612,Kkondae  Intern,https://mydramalist.com/54683-old-school-intern,"Business,  Comedy,  Life,  Drama","Bromance, Internship, Food, Marketing, Slight Romance, Rivalry, Revenge, Co-workers' Relationship, Workplace Setting, Senior-Junior Relationship ","After graduation, Ga Yeol Chan landed his first office job at a company. His superior there, Lee Man Sik, was a ""kkondae"" which refers to a rigid, old school type of person. He would force his old school ways of thinking onto Ga Yeol Chan, causing Yeol Chan to quit his job there and go work at a ramen company. He worked very hard and was promoted at lightning speed thanks to his radical planning and aggressive marketing. Yeol Chan now works as the chief of the sales and marketing department at the ramen company. This position wields the most power in the company. One day, Ga Yeol Chan gets a senior age intern. That intern is Lee Man Sik who gave him such a hard time at his first job.(Sources: Asianwiki, Soompi)~~ Adapted from the winning script from MBC’s 2018 drama writing contest.",7.9,2720,24,"['Park Hae Jin', 'Kim Eung Soo', 'Han Ji Eun', 'Park Ki Woong', 'Park Ah In', 'Noh Jong Hyun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Nam Sung Woo,Shin So Ra
613,Dating Class,https://mydramalist.com/35167-necessary-dating-education,"Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Multiple Couples, Web Series, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Young Adult Female Lead, Young Adult Male Lead, Short Length Series, University, Bromance ","The story revolves around 6 university students who are new to dating and the lessons they learn along the way, and the web series is based on an actual university class titled 'An Introduction to Dating'.",7.9,2099,16,"['Jang Gyu Ri', 'Chuu', 'Oh Se Young', 'Park Seo Ham', 'Kim Min Chul', 'Kim Dong Kyu']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Jung Won
614,One More Happy Ending,https://mydramalist.com/15986-one-more-happy-ending,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Sismance, Marriage, Childhood Friends' Relationship, Reporter Male Lead, Single Father Male Lead, Ex-Spouse Comes Back, Matchmaking, Multiple Mains, Older Woman/Younger Man, Second Chance ","This drama focuses on the story of former singer Han Mi Mo who was in a band called “Angels,” and her friends in their 30’s. As the divorce rate and second marriages are becoming higher in the nation, these friends, too, are looking for love again after a string of failed marriages and relationships. A divorcee, a single dad, a 30-year-old Matrix single, and a husband in a hopeless marriage are intertwined in Han and her friend’s life, and this romantic comedy will depict how the characters go to great lengths to find romance and happiness in a fun and entertaining way.(Source: MBC)",7.9,8853,16,"['Jang Na Ra', 'Jung Kyung Ho', 'Yoo Da In', 'Kwon Yool', 'Yoo In Na', 'Seo In Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Kwon Sung Chang,Heo Sung Hee
615,Sweet Revenge,https://mydramalist.com/24407-sweet-revenge,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth,  Fantasy","High School, School Bullying, Revenge, Nice Male Lead, Friends To Lovers, Sismance, Mobile App, Break Up, Cheating, Web Series ",This web drama is a teen fantasy drama about a teenager who gets her hands on a note that enacts revenge on anyone whose name is written on it.,7.9,11749,22,"['Kim Hyang Gi', 'Lomon', 'Cha Eun Woo', 'Kim Hwan Hee', 'Park Kyung Rim', 'Ji Gun Woo']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Oksusu,Unknown,Unknown
616,The Incarnation of Money,https://mydramalist.com/5778-the-incarnation-of-money,"Business,  Romance,  Drama","Mental Hospital Setting, Loan Shark Supporting Character, Prosecutor Male Lead, Greed, Mental Illness, Corruption, Revenge, Law ","A drama based on law about money, love and passion. It is about lobbying, rebating, connecting and corruption of the Korean society through Lee Cha Don who loses everything because of money.Lee Cha Don is a man who rises to the seat of a special branch prosecutor with the money of a loan shark, while Bok Jae In is the daughter of the loan shark who raises Lee Cha Don.",7.9,1999,24,"['Kang Ji Hwan', 'Hwang Jung Eum', 'Park  Sang Min', 'Oh Yoon Ah', 'Park Soon Chun', 'Kim  Hak Chul']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Yoo In Shik,"Jang Young Chul,  Jung Kyung Soon"
617,Ga Doo Ri’s Sushi Restaurant,https://mydramalist.com/58433-ga-doo-ri-s-sushi-restaurant,"Food,  Business,  Comedy,  Romance","Web Series, Short Length Series, Dating Expert, Restaurant Setting, Restaurateur Female Lead, Neighbors' Relationship, Secretary Supporting Character, Company President (CEO) Male Lead, Age Gap [Real Life], Tarot ","After falling hard for a man who she believed would love her for all eternity, Ga Doo Ri’s outlook on life and love couldn’t have been more rosy. But when the man of her dreams leaves her with nothing but a shattered heart and broken dreams, Doo Ri must find a way to pick herself up and move on. Summoning all her strength and her courage, Doo Ri does exactly that. Starting a new chapter in her life, Doo Ri opens “Ga Doo Ri’s Sushi Restaurant” and quickly makes a name for herself, not only as a successful business owner, but also as an expert on dating and romance.Drawn to her restaurant both for the food and the fiery-tempered owner with expert dating advice, people from far and wide come to visit Doo Ri. Happy to feed the bellies of her customers as she also soothes their hearts, Doo Ri offers help to any who ask. But when she catches a mysterious young man by the name of Cha Woo Bin, snooping around the place, Doo Ri can’t help but be suspicious. Handsome as he may be, something about this man just feels off...Learning the mysterious stranger is actually her neighbor, Doo Ri is convinced he’s up to something. But what could a man who disregards the thoughts and opinions of everyone and lives life by his own set of rules want with her? Du Ri has no idea, but she’s determined to find out!(Source: Viki)",7.9,2917,12,"['Lee Joo Bin', 'Hyuk', 'Choi Ji Hui', 'Jung Jae Oh', 'Kim Sung Tae', 'Lee Hyeong Seok']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Unknown,Jang Yoo Yeon
618,Good Casting,https://mydramalist.com/36491-miss-casting,"Action,  Mystery,  Comedy,  Crime","Espionage, Strong Female Lead, First Love, Investigation, National Intelligence Service, Older Woman/Younger Man, Sismance, Romance, Slight Romance, Rich Male Lead ","Baek Chan Mi is a legendary agent for the National Intelligence Service. However, due to an excessive operation, one of her subordinates passes away. After this incident, she takes back all hope of returning to the field when she gets an order to go undercover. She begins working as a secretary for Ilkwang Hitech under the name, Baek Jang Mi. She is joined by a single mother, Im Ye Eun, who has the beauty of a girl group member, and Hwang Mi Soon, a housewife of 18 years whose family believes her to be an insurance salesperson. These three women begin to work together. Meanwhile, Ilkwang Hitech’s CEO, Yoon Seok Ho, knew Chan Mi as his tutor and had a crush on her. He can’t help but think that his new secretary, who looks exactly like his first love but has a different name and age, is a bit suspicious.(Source: VIKI)",7.9,3236,16,"['Choi Kang Hee', 'Yoo In Young', 'Kim Ji Young', 'Lee Sang Yeob', 'Lee Jun Young', 'Lee Jong Hyuk']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Choi Young Hoon,Park Ji Ha
619,Just One Bite,https://mydramalist.com/30515-just-one-bite,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","Food, Sismance, Multiple Mains, Brother-Sister Relationship, Multiple Couples, Ex-Boyfriend Comes Back, Inferiority Complex, Weight Issues, Miniseries, Older Woman/Younger Man ","When three hungry girls meet, sharing love lives is a must! If it tastes good, 0 calories; if you gossip about romance while you eat, -999999 calories.(Source: Dramawiki)",7.8,2333,8,"['Kim Ji In', 'Seo Hye Won', 'Jo Hye Joo', 'Kim Chul Min', 'Lee Shin Young', 'Park Sun Jae']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Baek Min Hee,Bang Yoo Jung
620,Glorious Day,https://mydramalist.com/9550-glorious-day,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Mother-Daughter Relationship, Marriage, Multiple Couples, Sismance, Unrequited Love, Love Triangle, Tough Female Lead, Hardworking Female Lead, Hateful Mother-in-Law, Nice Male Lead ","Han Song Jung is a novel writer. She is also a single mother who has raised three daughters: Da Ae, Da Jung and Da In. She struggles to let her three daughters to marry good men.Meanwhile, Seo Jae Woo is the eldest grandson of the family next door, who earns steady income as a corporate drone. Although he’s inherited his grandfather’s brusque and conservative nature, he’s also received kind-heart qualities from his father, and is intrinsically a good man.",7.8,1458,44,"['Lee Sang Woo', 'Park Se Young', 'Kim Mi Sook', 'Go Woo Ri', 'Hwang Woo Seul Hye', 'Dong Ha']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Hong Sung Chang,Moon Hee Jung
621,The Temperature of Language,https://mydramalist.com/52663-the-temperature-of-talk-our-nineteen,"Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Web Series, Student Supporting Character, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Teenager Supporting Character, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, Chasing A Dream, Injury ","""The Temperature of Talk: Our Nineteen"" is a 'high-teen growth romance' of 11th graders, using the theme of the disappearance of the school's top student 100 days before the entrance exams.(Source: HanCinema)",7.8,2632,16,"['Jin  Ji Hee', 'Kang  Min Ah', 'Nam Yoon Su', 'Park Se Hyun', 'Yoo Jung Woo', 'Joo Eo Jin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"tvN,  vLive",Ko Jae Hong,Unknown
622,Naked Fireman,https://mydramalist.com/21979-naked-fireman,"Action,  Thriller,  Mystery,  Drama","Nice Male Lead, Miniseries, Trauma, Rich Woman/Poor Man, Childish Male Lead, Hardworking Male Lead, Orphan Female Lead, Rich Female Lead, Orphan Male Lead, Bromance ","Kang Chul Soo is an enthusiastic fireman who poses as a nude model to make money for his sick friend. He is then targeted as the criminal of an arson-murder case that took place 10 years ago, and together with mysterious heiress Han Jin Ah, he tries to find the real culprit.",7.8,2803,4,"['Lee Joon Hyuk', 'Jung In Sun', 'Lee Won Jong', 'Jo Hee Bong', 'Seo Jung Yeon', 'Park Hoon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Park Jin Suk,Yoo Jung Hee
623,Abyss,https://mydramalist.com/30554-abyss,"Mystery,  Comedy,  Romance,  Fantasy","Murder, Reincarnation, Death, Nice Male Lead, Hidden Identity, Investigation, Second Chance, Hardworking Female Lead, Smart Female Lead, Sassy Female Lead ","“Abyss” is about a man and a woman who tragically die and are given another chance at life through soul-reviving marbles in a magical abyss.Go Se Yeon was a tough, accomplished, and unrivaled beautiful female prosecutor who worked in the Seoul District public Office but gets into a fatal accident and dies. However, due to the mysterious magical marble—Abyss—Go Se Yeon is revived, but now in a totally different appearance. Go Se Yeon now possesses a common appearance based on how “good” her spirit was in her previous life.Cha Min was the highly intelligent heir to Korea’s top cosmetics company but was also a smart, humble, and kind-hearted man. Although he has both the brains and an astounding amount of wealth, he considers himself unattractive and is insecure about his looks. Like Go Se Yeon, Cha Min gets into an accident and dies. Due to the mysterious magical marble—Abyss—he comes back to life with a different appearance as an exceedingly handsome man just as bright as the spirit he had in his previous life.Go Se Yeon and Cha Min begin to work as a lawyer and an administrator at a private law firm and decide to investigate the magical incident. Romance blooms in the office as the two intertwine together to accept their same fate.(Source: AsianWiki, Soompi)",7.8,36303,16,"['Park Bo Young', 'Ahn Hyo Seop', 'Lee Sung Jae', 'Kwon Soo Hyun', 'Lee Si Eon', 'Han So Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Netflix,  tvN",Yoo Je Won,Moon Soo Yeon
624,A Wife’s Credentials,https://mydramalist.com/3692-a-wifes-credentials,"Romance,  Drama,  Family,  Melodrama","Housewife Female Lead, Secret Second Family, Sick Son, Academic Achievement, Unhappy Marriage, Infidelity, Mother-Son Relationship, Rich Male Lead ","In modern society, children’s school grades have become a qualification outstanding wives ought to have. This drama depicts a housewife’s struggle to help raise her child’s grades within the cut-throat education system in South Korea while accepting herself as a human who can fall in love. Seo Rae is an accepting housewife with a child, married to Sang Jin, a rich and highly educated man. However, she is shocked to find out that her niece is accepted to an International junior high school, and decides to get Han Gyul, her son, admitted as well. As her son enrolls in prep-classes, his grades begin to improve. But when she takes him to a dentist named Tae Oh, she falls in love with him. Now she finds herself standing at a crossroad, with the possibility of either an affair that can ruin her life or a future with her true love.(Source: JTBC)",7.8,339,16,"['Lee Tae Ran', 'Lee Sung Jae', 'Kim Hee Ae', 'Jang Hyun Sung', 'Nam Yoon Jung', 'Park Hyuk Kwon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,Ahn Pan Seok,Jung Sung Joo
625,Delivery Man,https://mydramalist.com/725297-delivery-man,"Mystery,  Comedy,  Romance,  Supernatural","Taxi Setting, Taxi Driver Male Lead, Ghost Female Lead, Ghost, Death, Ghost-seeing Male Lead, Amnesia, Investigation, Death Of A Mother, Ghost Supporting Character ","Seo Young Min is a taxi driver who ends up with an unusual clientele - ghosts. Strangely, he finds himself exclusively ferrying these otherworldly passengers and granting their wishes.One day, Kang Ji Hyun boards Seo Young Min's taxi, but with a catch: she has no recollection of her past life and is unable to leave the vehicle. She takes it upon herself to become Seo Young Min's taxi's sales manager.Together, Seo Young Min and Kang Ji Hyun use the taxi to fulfill the wishes of various ghosts, even taking on the task of tracking down a serial killer. With the assistance of Do Kyu Jin, a handsome and diligent ER doctor, they try to prevent sinister events from occurring in the hospital.(Source: CK Warrior at MyDramaList)",7.8,2922,12,"['Yoon Chan Young', 'Bang Min Ah', 'Kim Min Seok', 'Park Jung Hak', 'Kim Seung Soo', 'Woo Tae Ha']",Not Yet Rated,"ENA,  Genie TV,  ViuTV","Kang Sol,  Park Dae Hee","Park Hye Young,  Han Bo Kyung,  Joo Hyo Jin"
626,Come! Jang Bo Ri,https://mydramalist.com/9348-come-jang-bo-ri,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Childhood Friends' Relationship, Soap Opera, Family Relationship, Adoption, Family Secret, Lost Child, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Friendship ","“Can a long-lost daughter find happiness when she is reunited with her parents after 20 years?” In a complicated twist, a young woman from a wealthy family goes missing and is raised by a foster mom instead of her own parents. Meanwhile, her wealthy family adopts a girl to overcome the loss of their daughter. The tensions that arise when the daughter finds her real family results in a journey of understanding and forgiveness.(Source: MBC)",7.8,1840,52,"['Oh Yeon Seo', 'Kim Ji Hoon', 'Lee Yoo Ri', 'Oh Chang Seok', 'Sung Hyuk', 'Han Seung Yeon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Baek Ho Min,Kim Soon Ok
627,My Wife’s Having an Affair This Week,https://mydramalist.com/19206-my-wifes-having-an-affair-this-week,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","Infidelity, Life Lesson, MDL Remake, Screenwriter Supporting Character, Screenwriter Male Lead, Investigator Supporting Character, Married Female Lead, Married Male Lead, Editor Supporting Character, Hardship ","Hyun Woo fell in love with Soo Yeon at first sight in college and they have been married for 8 years. He thought he had the perfect family, with Soo Yeon, who is a beautiful wife and a good mother to his beloved son. Then one day, Hyun Woo sees a hotel reservation message sent by a male stranger on Soo Yeon’s phone. Even though he tries not to think about it, proof after proof is revealed, which confirm that his wife is indeed having an affair. Since he firmly believes that he is a good husband and father, he can’t seem to forgive his wife. He blames her for putting the family in danger but then starts thinking, “Have I been a good husband to my wife?”(Source: JTBC)",7.8,3792,12,"['Lee Sun Kyun', 'Song Ji Hyo', 'Kim Hee Won', 'Ye Ji Won', 'Lee Sang Yeob', 'Kwon BoA']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,Kim Seok Yoon,"Lee Nam Gyu,  Kim Hyo Shin,  Lee Ye Rim"
628,Horse Doctor,https://mydramalist.com/4711-horse-doctor,"Historical,  Romance,  Drama,  Medical","Veterinarian Male Lead, Childhood Acquaintance, Smart Female Lead, Smart Male Lead, Blood ","Born from a low caste, Baek Gwang Hyun first started working as a horse doctor, then worked his way up to become a famous veterinarian. Eventually, he became a doctor appointed to the royal palace and honored with the distinction of being the king’s personal doctor. He was the first Oriental medicine doctor who practiced surgical treatments in the field of Oriental medicine and for this, he became a famous doctor and acupuncture specialist in all of Asia. His tumultuous life story, which begins with him surviving on the bottom rungs of society, encapsulates the deep humanism that he practiced when healing patients.(Source: MBC)",7.8,794,50,"['Cho Seung Woo', 'Lee Yo Won', 'Kim So Eun', 'Son Chang Min', 'Yoo  Sun', 'Lee Sang Woo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Choi Jung Gyu,  Lee Byung Hoon",Kim Yi Young
629,Love After School,https://mydramalist.com/27387-love-after-school,"Romance,  Youth,  Drama","First Love, Steamy Kiss, Friends To Lovers, Web Series, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, School Friends' Relationship, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead ","A love story often begins after a few jokes ... Hoo Se In and Bang Myung Rok  are in moderation class. Myung Rok decides to play Se In, who ridicules himself in front of the whole class. They begin, after this incident, to approach and leave together. But Jo Ye Rin, in love with Myeong Rok, spreads a rumor about Se In, which causes him to leave Myung Rok.  Five years later, Se In, still in love with him, decides to reconnect with Myung Rok. Can your relationship resume where you left off?(Source: drama.fandom.com)",7.8,967,8,"['Park So Eun', 'Yoo Jung Woo', 'Gye Ye Rin']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
630,Strongest Deliveryman,https://mydramalist.com/21664-strongest-deliveryman,"Business,  Comedy,  Romance,  Life","Debt, Secondary Couple, Strong Female Lead, Nice Male Lead, Love/Hate Relationship, Love Triangle, Deliverywoman Female Lead, Deliveryman Male Lead, Chasing A Dream, Hardworking Male Lead ","Choi Kang Soo is a deliveryman. In spite of his humble beginnings, Choi Kang Soo is fearless and gives it all in everything he does. Lee Dan Ah is another delivery worker. She hates her current socioeconomic status so much that she, like many young people, calls her country “Hell Joseon.” Lee Dan Ah is so focused on making money and changing her life that she has no time for men. But when she comes across the charming Choi Kang Soo, her attitude is due to be moved.Together, Choi Kang Soo and Lee Dan Ah have a budding competition and romance in their quest for glory. And, for them, glory means being like rich folk Lee Jin Yoon and Oh Jin Gyu. They compete to conquer life but, as our two delivery workers soon learn, being the strongest does not guarantee success.",7.8,11166,16,"['Go Kyung Pyo', 'Chae Soo Bin', 'Kim Seon Ho', 'Go Won Hee', 'Nam Ji Hyun', 'Kim Hye Ri']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Kim Shin Il,  Jeon Woo Sung",Lee Jung Woo
631,The Cursed,https://mydramalist.com/38939-method,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Horror,  Supernatural","Strong Female Lead, Shamanism, Curse, Gore, School Bullying, Investigation, Occult, Smart Female Lead, Spirit, Death ","Im Jin Hee is an enthusiastic reporter, out to do the right thing. She covers a violent case involving Forest, the biggest IT company in South Korea. The chairman of Forest is Jin Jong Hyun, who relies heavily on shamanism. During her investigation, Im Jin Hee learns of a spiritual consulting company that is affiliated with Forest. The head of that affiliate company is Jin Kyung. While trying to reveal the secret behind Forest, Im Jin Hee meets So Jin, who is possessed by a spirit and has a special ability.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.8,2454,12,"['Uhm Ji Won', 'Jung Ji So', 'Sung Dong Il', 'Jo Min Soo', 'Jung Moon Sung', 'Kim Min Jae']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Kim Yong Wan,Yeon Sang Ho
632,Ja Myung Go,https://mydramalist.com/820-ja-myung-go,"Action,  Historical,  Romance","Love Triangle, Forbidden Love, Based On A Legend, Unrequited Love, Sibling Rivalry, Child Abandonment, Martial Arts, Lovers To Enemies, Royalty, Love Square ","Legend has it that more than 2,000 years ago, the Kingdom of Nangnang possessed a mystical Ja Myung Drum, which would sound by itself when enemies invaded. In reality, Ja Myung Go does not represent the drum but instead is embodied by the King's daughter, Princess Ja Myung.Princess Ja Myung and Princess Nak Rang were born on the same day and time to the same father but with different mothers. It is predicted that one princess will become the nation's saviour while the other will bring the entire nation down. Using her family's powerful background, Princess Nak Rang's mother successfully establishes her daughter as the savior princess, while Princess Ja Myung, who is branded the princess of destruction, escapes death with the help of her mother and grows up among the common folk.(Source: DramaWiki)~~ Based on the Korean legend ""Prince Hodong and the Princess of Nakrang"" (호동왕자와 낙랑공주).",7.8,1554,39,"['Jung Ryeo Won', 'Jung Kyung Ho', 'Park Min Young', 'Lee Joo Hyun', 'Lee Mi Sook', 'Hong Yo Sub']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Lee Myung Woo,Jung Sung Hee
633,Timing,https://mydramalist.com/61845-timing,"Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Amnesia, Friends To Lovers, Flashback To Past, Miniseries, Short Length Series, Web Series, Nice Male Lead, High School, Best Friends' Relationship, Student Female Lead ","Best friends since childhood, Hyo Min and Bo Seok have been a permanent part of each other’s lives for over a decade. Saving Hyo Min from the bullies at school when they were children, Bo Seok has been by her side ever since. Growing up together, they have shared every moment of their lives, both good and bad, developing a friendship like no other.As adults, the two have occasionally struggled with the feelings stronger they seem to have inadvertently developed for each other. Never wanting to damage such a precious friendship, the two have always been conflicted when it came to sharing their deeper feelings. On occasion, Hyo Min and Bo Seok have been a little more open with their hearts, but it never goes beyond the feelings of a moment. For some reason, the timing between them is always just a little off.But all that changes when Hyo Min loses her memory. Unexpectedly presented with the opportunity to take their relationship to the next level, Bo Seok seizes his moment, more than willing to take on this arduous task. He just needs to find a way to remind her of how much they mean to each other. Will Bo Seok’s efforts finally bring them together or will they become victims of poor timing once again?(Source: Viki)",7.8,786,4,"['Han Bo Reum', 'Yoon Jong Hoon', 'Nam Young Joo', 'Kim Deuk Gyum']",G - All Ages,jTBC,Unknown,"Kim Ji Suk,  Yoo In Young"
634,Hospital Ship,https://mydramalist.com/23076-hospital-ship,"Romance,  Drama,  Medical","Teamwork, Nice Male Lead, Character Development, Smart Female Lead, Smart Male Lead, Hardworking Female Lead, Tearjerker, Calm Male Lead, Bromance, Doctor Female Lead ","Army doctors board a hospital ship, which is a floating hospital that serves people who live on remote islands. But were these doctors interested in helping underprivileged people for free? Not at all. There is the non-army doctor Eun Jae, a cold perfectionist surgeon whose fast-track career was derailed. Kwak Hyun who practices internal medicine is the first army doctor to volunteer for duty on the hospital ship. Then there is the irritating Jae Geol, an oriental medicine doctor who drew the short straw and now has to serve on the hospital ship. A bunch of doctors with different backgrounds finds themselves afloat at sea. They are too old to be called youthful doctors as they are all in their thirties. Though they have skills obtained through long years of studying in medical school, their hearts and souls are barren. This is a coming-of-age story about doctors who have experienced setbacks in life that they are trying to bounce back from while they learn how to be a compassionate doctor and pursue fulfilling lives.(Source: MBC America)",7.8,6458,40,"['Ha Ji Won', 'Kang Min Hyuk', 'Lee Seo Won', 'Kim Tae I', 'Mina', 'Kim Kwang Gyu']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Park Jae Bum,  Kim Sang Woo",Yoon Sun Joo
635,"Saimdang, Light’s Diary",https://mydramalist.com/13657-saimdang-lights-diary,"Historical,  Mystery,  Romance,  Melodrama","Different Timelines, Visual Arts, Forbidden Love, Tragic Past, Joseon Dynasty, Strong Female Lead, Art, Clingy Male Lead, Smart Female Lead, Art Restoration ","Seo Ji Yoon is an art history lecturer who has devoted the best years of her life to earning her Ph.D. and working under her mentor, department chairman Min Jung Hak, in the hopes of being named a full-time professor at her university.When Jung Hak entrusts Ji Yoon to write the thesis for his find-of-the-century historical painting, “An Gyeon’s Mount Geumgang,” Ji Yoon is ecstatic and finally feels like she is about to earn her professorship. But in a matter of days, her whole world comes crashing down around her.First, her husband, Jung Min Seok, suddenly becomes a fugitive when his company comes under investigation and the Russian Mafia comes after him for dirty money, forcing Ji Yoon, her son, and her mother-in-law, Kim Jung Hee, to be kicked out of their home. Then, Ji Yoon’s career comes to a crashing halt when grad student Han Sang Hyun publicly challenges the authenticity of the Mount Geumgang painting and Ji Yoon does not adequately defend Jung Hak’s reputation.An enraged Jung Hak has Ji Yoon fired and ostracized from the art history community. At the bottom of her life, Ji Yoon discovers the secret diary of Shin Saimdang (1504-1551), a Korean artist, writer, calligraphist, and poet who was the mother of Yi I, one of the two most prominent Korean Confucian scholars during the Joseon Dynasty. The diary sheds new light on the life of Saimdang, her relationship with painter Lee Gyeom, and the Mount Geumgang painting.  With the help of Sang Hyun and her best friend, Go Hye Jung, an antiquities researcher, can Ji Yoon get her life and career back?(Source: Viki)",7.8,1885,28,"['Lee Young Ae', 'Song Seung Heon', 'Oh Yoon Ah', 'Yoon Da Hoon', 'Park Hye Soo', 'Yang Se Jong']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Yoon Sang Ho,Park Eun Ryeong
636,Secret Royal Inspector & Joy,https://mydramalist.com/685971-eosajoidyeon,"Historical,  Mystery,  Comedy,  Romance","Divorced Female Lead, Investigation, Joseon Dynasty, Corruption, Strong Female Lead, Smart Male Lead, Teamwork, Investigator Male Lead, Historical Fiction, Smart Female Lead ","A secret royal inspector uncovers corruption and then ensures its perpetrators face justice. He cannot reveal himself or his intentions.Ra Yi Eon wanted to open up a dumpling stall outside the capital. What he had not planned on was taking and passing the state examination! Now an official in the Office of Special Advisors, the requests to carry out covert missions are aplenty. Kim Jo Yi is a woman well ahead of her time due to her unorthodox views on divorce. In the Joseon era, she finds the notion of any woman suffering in silence during her marriage intolerable. She wholeheartedly and passionately is in support of divorce. And small wonder! She is awaiting the envisioned happiness that cutting ties with her spouse will bring. Up for an adventure, Jo Yi convinces Yi Eon to let her tag along on his first official investigation in the provinces. Together they can expose wrongdoing and wipe out corruption. Which one will recognize the guilty parties hiding in plain sight? (Source: CJ ENM)",7.8,5300,16,"['Ok Taec Yeon', 'Kim Hye Yoon', 'Lee Jae Kyoon', 'Bae Jong Ok', 'Jeong Bo Seok', 'Min Jin Woong']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Yoo Jong Sun,Lee Jae Yoon
637,"Cheat On Me, if You Can",https://mydramalist.com/58595-when-the-wind-blows-and-dies,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Comedy,  Romance","Marriage, Eccentric Female Lead, Infidelity, Successful Male Lead, Older Woman/Younger Man, Investigation, Successful Female Lead, Student Female Lead, TV Presenter Supporting Character, Police Department Setting ","Best-selling crime author Yeo Joo is researching how to make a murder look like an accidental death.  Her younger husband, Woo Sung, is a family man and divorce lawyer. He thinks he's still a sexy, attractive partner, with a wonderful married life. But lately, Yeo Joo, who would rather be a widow than a divorcée, notices that lately some of his behavior is suspicious. Could Woo Sung actually be cheating on her? Could he possibly be enjoying a thrilling affair behind her back? Yeo Joo tells it straight: If he cheats, he dies!(Source: Viki)",7.8,3224,16,"['Cho Yeo Jung', 'Go Jun', 'Yeonwoo', 'Kim Young Dae', 'Song Ok Sook', 'Jung Sang Hoon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Kim Min Tae,  Kim Hyoung Seok",Lee Sung Min
638,Life Is Beautiful,https://mydramalist.com/318-life-is-beautiful-2010,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","LGBTQ+, Gay Romance, Gay Male Lead, Supportive Family, Secondary Couple, Forbidden Love, Sassy Female Lead, Big Family, Calm Female Lead, Secret Relationship ","Set in Jeju, the drama revolves around a loving, multi-generation family led by the parents, Yang Byung Tae and Kim Min Jae, and their four children Tae Sub, Ji Hye, Ho Sup, and Cho Rong, as well as assorted grandparents and uncles. The story follows the family's everyday lives and conflicts, including oldest daughter Ji Hye's marital problems with her husband Soo Il; younger son Ho Sup's pursuit of his mother's assistant, Yeon Joo; and oldest son Tae Sup's romantic pairing with divorced professor Kyung Soo, whose homosexual relationship their families react to while addressing issues of personal, social, and familial acceptance, leading to, finally, love and understanding.",7.8,1057,63,"['Song Chang Eui', 'Lee Sang Woo', 'Kim Hae Sook', 'Nam Gyu Ri', 'Nam Sang Mi', 'Lee Sang Yoon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Jung Eul Young,Kim Soo Hyun
639,Cunning Single Lady,https://mydramalist.com/8911-cunning-single-lady,"Business,  Comedy,  Romance","Second Chance Romance, Rich Male Lead, Successful Male Lead, Love Triangle, Second Chance, Workplace Setting, Ex-spouse Relationship, Flashback To Past, Workplace Romance, Childish Male Lead ","Na Ae Ra is the prettiest girl in her town. Many guys around her try to win her heart but she dreams of marrying a civil servant. One day, she meets dorky Cha Jung Woo who is preparing for civil service exams. They fall for each other and eventually marry.Her dream of living happily ever after is short-lived when her husband announces that he quit his job and wants to go into business. She supports him throughout the years by working herself to her bone while he coded software in a basement and failed to find investors. When she could no longer take it, she decided she wanted a divorce.She is still juggling jobs years later, to repay the debt she accrued while supporting her husband. She feels life is unfair when she finds out that her husband's business is a success and made him rich. Wanting to even the score, she joins his company as  an intern. Thus begins a cat and dog quarrel between ex-husband and wife, who hurt each other, but can’t seem to get over one another.(Source: Mister at MyDramaList)",7.8,14597,16,"['Lee Min Jung', 'Joo Sang Wook', 'Seo Kang Joon', 'Kim Gyu Ri', 'Hwang Bo Ra', 'Kim Eung Soo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Jeong Dae Yun,  Go Dong Sun","Lee Ha Na,  Choi Soo Young,  Choi Soo Young"
640,The Mermaid Prince,https://mydramalist.com/66421-mermaid-prince-2,"Mystery,  Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Web Series, Miniseries, Short Length Series, Bromance, Popular Male Lead, Misunderstanding, Multiple Couples, High School, Enemies To Lovers, Friendship ","“The Mermaid Prince: The Beginning” will take viewers back in time to Woo Hyuk’s high school days in order to uncover a secret.With its high school setting, the drama will also portray an entirely different kind of romance from that of the original series. “The Mermaid Prince: The Beginning” will tell the love story that ensues when Jo Ara, a high school student who decides to give up on dating because she doesn’t believe in love, ends up meeting Woo Hyuk.Yoon Gun is a guy that looks cold on the outside but is actually a romantic at heart and only has eyes for one person.(Source: Soompi)",7.8,3967,10,"['Moon Bin', 'Chae Won Bin', 'Hwiyoung', 'Moon Sang Min', 'Yoon Seo Bin', 'Jung Bo Min']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
641,Two Cops,https://mydramalist.com/24026-two-cops,"Mystery,  Comedy,  Romance,  Supernatural","Bromance, Love Triangle, Ghost, Swindler Male Lead, Smart Male Lead, Tragic Past, Investigation, Detective Male Lead, Ghost Male Lead, Spirit Possession ","His strong sense of justice is all that he has. Detective Cha Dong Tak is feared among criminals for showing no mercy. One day, his body is taken over by Gong Soo Chang, a con artist who is quite clever. Now Cha Dong Tak has to share his body with a criminal while fending off a grave threat. So they have to join forces to stay alive.(Source: MBC)",7.8,5559,32,"['Jo Jung Suk', 'Lee Hye Ri', 'Kim Seon Ho', 'Im Se Mi', 'Lee Ho Won', 'Lee Si Eon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Oh Hyun Jong,Byun Sang Soon
642,Adult Trainee,https://mydramalist.com/709541-adult-trainee,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth","Steamy Kiss, Miniseries, Web Series, Multiple Mains, Friends To Lovers, Fake Relationship, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Mild Sexual Content ","""Adult Trainee"" tells the tale of hormonal teenagers as their bodies mature. There is Jae Min, who gets addicted to masturbation, conservative Yu Ra who begins a risqué rendezvous with her male friend and overweight Na Eun who’s never had a boyfriend before. The drama aims to express the raw and truthful worries and love stories of 18 year olds in a way that Gen Z can relate to.(Source: Koreaboo.com)",7.8,9736,7,"['Ryu Eui Hyun', 'Cho Mi Yeon', 'Jo Yoo Jung', 'Ryeoun', 'Kim Min Ki', 'Kwon Young Eun']",Not Yet Rated,TVING,Yoo Hak Chan,Unknown
643,Flower Grandpa Investigation Unit,https://mydramalist.com/9605-flower-grandpa-investigation-unit,"Mystery,  Comedy","Cold Male Lead, Teamwork, Smart Male Lead, Love Triangle, Investigation, Detective, Romance ",A group of three detectives in their twenties turn into 70-year-olds overnight and with the help of a senior detective try to find their youth again.,7.8,1584,12,"['Byun Hee Bong', 'Lee Soon Jae', 'Kim Hee Chul', 'Jang Gwang', 'Lee Cho Hee', 'Park Eun Ji']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Kim Jin Young,Unknown
644,I Need Romance Season 3,https://mydramalist.com/8511-i-need-romance-3,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Male Chases Female First, Older Woman/Younger Man, Multiple Couples, Steamy Kiss, Warm Man/Cold Woman, Nice Male Lead, Clingy Male Lead, Hardworking Female Lead, Cohabitation, Childhood Friends' Relationship ","Shin Joo Yeon is a 33-year-old fashion marketing director at a home shopping channel company. She's developed a tough, prickly outer shell in order to succeed in the workplace and has almost given up on the idea of true love after countless failures in the relationship department. Joo Wan is a 26-year-old songwriter and carefree spirit, who returns to Korea after seventeen years of living abroad. Up until the age of 9, he was practically raised by his mom's friend and her daughter, Shin Joo Yeon. While she only remembers him as a kid she was forced to play with when her mom was busy, all of Joo Wan's early memories; from bath time, to play time, to learning how to tie his shoe laces, include her. Upon meeting again, he aims to heal Joo Yeon's jaded sense of romance.(Source: Wikipedia)",7.8,8366,16,"['Kim So Yeon', 'Sung Joon', 'Namkoong Min', 'Wang Ji Won', 'Yoon Seung Ah', 'Park  Hyo Joo']",Not Yet Rated,tvN,Jang Young Woo,Jung Hyun Jung
645,CHIP-IN,https://mydramalist.com/56653-pitch-in,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Comedy,  Melodrama","Death, Strong Female Lead, Black Comedy, Infidelity, Mother-Daughter Relationship, Investigation, Suspense, Drama, Mistress Female Lead, Death Of A Mother ","A painter gets diagnosed terminally ill. On his 58th birthday, he plans to share his last will and testament. His great legacy and immense fortune slowly draw out his family's inner greed, causing a fierce mental battle amongst them. There are too many people around him who are only after his legacy; including his ex-wife, Ji Sul Young, who has taken care of him, Kim Ji Hye, a former mistress and mother to his daughter, and Dokko Chul, a halfbrother from a different father. They face different outcomes by the different choices they make as their greed overwhelms them. What are the limits of human greed?(Source: Viu)",7.8,1464,8,"['Kim Hye Joon', 'Kim Jung Young', 'Oh Na Ra', 'Nam Moon Chul', 'Choi Kyu Jin', 'Kim Shi Eun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Jin Chang Gyu,Choi Kyung
646,How to Buy a Friend,https://mydramalist.com/55013-friend-contract,"Mystery,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","School Bullying, High School, Bromance, Suicide, Death, Adapted From A Webtoon, Investigation, Poetry, Adolescence, Flashback To Past ","Rumors surround Don Hyuk, a highly praised high school fighter, after his girlfriend’s sudden suicide. Plagued by the trauma he is quick to fight if someone even mentions her name, landing him in juvenile detention. After his release, he returns to school where he comes across a poem written by Chan Hong, a particularly average student who has a knack for writing. Eventually, Don Hyuk discovers a clue about his girlfriend’s death and approaches Chan Hong to help him investigate, and in exchange, he will serve as Chan Hong’s personal bodyguard. This contractual relationship entangles them both in a series of dramatic events as they try to uncover the truth behind the suicide.(Source: KOCOWA)~~ Adapted from the webtoon with the same name by Kwon Laad.",7.8,3012,8,"['Lee Shin Young', 'Shin Seung Ho', 'Kim So Hye', 'Oh Hee Joon', 'Min Do Hee', 'Cho Yi Hyun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Yoo Young Eun,Unknown
647,How to Hate You,https://mydramalist.com/33434-how-to-hate-you,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Friends To Lovers, Miniseries, Web Series, Contract Relationship, Unrequited Love, Cold Male Lead, Weak Female Lead, Sismance, Secret Crush, Adapted From A Webtoon ","The drama follows the dating adventures of Oh Mi Ri, a college freshman who finds herself struggling to navigate love and friendship on campus.(Source: Soompi)~~ Adapted from a webtoon with the same name.",7.8,4343,6,"['Na Jae Min', 'Kim Ji In', 'Lee Jong Won', 'Kim Yoo Jin', 'Ahn Yu Jeong', 'Tony Ahn']",G - All Ages,jTBC,Unknown,Unknown
648,Miraculous Brothers,https://mydramalist.com/728985-the-miracle-brothers,"Mystery,  Drama,  Fantasy,  Supernatural","Psychic Male Lead, Psychometry, Time Travel, Investigation, Writer Male Lead, Detective Supporting Character, Doctor Supporting Character, Detective Female Lead, Revenge Killing, Serial Killings ","A mystery drama about warm friendship and humanity unfolds when Dong Joo, a passionate young man who only has debts, meets Kang San.Yook Dong Joo is an aspiring writer with an ambitious dream of becoming a best-selling author someday. A disharmonious brotherhood begins when a mysterious unidentified boy, Kang San, falls into his life. Kang San has amnesia and can't even remember his own name, but he has the special ability to hear other people's hearts.(Source: MyDramaList)",7.9,698,16,"['Jung Woo', 'Bae Hyun Sung', 'Park Yoo Rim', 'Oh Man Suk', 'Lee Ki Woo', 'Kang Mal Geum']",Not Yet Rated,jTBC,Park Chan Hong,Kim Ji Woo
649,Girlfriend Project Day 1,https://mydramalist.com/736435-girlfriend-project-day-1,"Romance,  Youth","Web Series, Short Length Series, Lesbian Romance, LGBTQ+, Miniseries, University, School Setting, Young Adult Female Lead, Lesbian Female Lead, Steamy Kiss ","Hee Ram and Ga In met in a general education class, Psychology of Love and Sex class. In this class, students have to perform a dating mission as a mock couple. A hard-working student, Hee Ram, and an easy-goer, Ga In, don't quite get along with each other from their first meeting.(Source: RedQ_tv Twitter)",7.8,1308,4,"['Park Hyun Woo', 'Bing Hye Jin']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
650,Your House Helper,https://mydramalist.com/28177-your-house-helper,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life","Housekeeper Male Lead, Housekeeping, Healing, Life Lesson, Sismance, Cold Man/Warm Woman, Slow Burn Romance, Intern Female Lead, Awkward Male Lead, Internship ","The daily life of an average working woman involves: a packed subway during the rush hours, a miserable old boss, juniors clawing their way up, mounting credit card debt, and a rusty and tired body... And above all, the worst is the endless housekeeping work that awaits her at home. But what if a handsome guy appears and takes care of all the housekeeping work for her? And not only that, what if he solves the problems in her complicated and confused life? In this drama, a male house helper does housekeeping works in different women's houses and tries to solve their issues.(Source: KBS World)",7.8,3887,32,"['Ha Seok Jin', 'Bona', 'Lee Ji Hoon', 'Go Won Hee', 'Seo Eun Ah', 'Jeon Soo Jin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Jeon Woo Sung,  Im Se Joon",Unknown
651,When My Love Blooms,https://mydramalist.com/51155-the-most-beautiful-moment-in-life,"Romance,  Life,  Drama,  Family","Second Chance, Strong Female Lead, Flashback To Past, Female Chases Male First, First Love, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Mother-Son Relationship, Father-Son Relationship, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead ","Twenty years ago, Yoon Ji Soo fell in love with a man who made her heart sing. As a freshman at the college of music, Ji Soo didn’t expect to catch the eye of Han Jae Hyun, a popular, headstrong law school student, but she did. Falling for him as quickly as he fell for her, the two experienced one of the most beautiful moments any two people can experience together: their first love.  But like so many first loves, theirs wouldn’t last forever.Now in her forties, Ji Soo is a single mother, working a contract job in a desperate attempt to make ends meet. Jae Hyun, on the other hand, is a successful, ambitious businessman who has pursued wealth and honor, above all else. Far different than the man he once was, Jae Hyun is hardly recognizable as the headstrong kid he used to be. But when fate brings Ji Soo back into his life, she recognizes him almost immediately.Suddenly back in each other’s lives, Ji Soo and Jae Hyun have been granted a rare opportunity to start over. But can two people really separated by so many years and experiences, really reignite a flame that flickered out so many years ago?(Source: Viki)",7.8,4703,16,"['Yoo Ji Tae', 'Lee Bo Young', 'Park Jin Young', 'Jeon So Nee', 'Park Shi Yeon', 'Moon Sung Geun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Son Jung Hyun,Jun Hee Young
652,When You Love Yourself Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/38655-when-you-love-yourself-2,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Youth","Friendship, Student Supporting Character, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Teenager Supporting Character, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, Short Length Series, LGBTQ+ ","'How to Love Without Losing Myself' despite the problems of career, dating, and friends.",7.8,544,10,"['Sat Byeol', 'Jung Min Gyu', 'Lee Gu Seul', 'Kim Chul Min', 'Kim Min Seok', 'Shin Se Hwi']",G - All Ages,vLive,Choi Sun Mi,Unknown
653,The Flower in Prison,https://mydramalist.com/15949-flowers-of-the-prison,"Historical,  Law,  Drama,  Melodrama","Strong Female Lead, Birth Secret, Joseon Dynasty, Historical Fiction, Slight Romance, Smart Female Lead, Older Man/Younger Woman, Comedy ","A story about Ok Nyeo, a talented girl born and raised in prison who gains great skill and wisdom through her encounters with extraordinary people from all walks of life. She becomes a crusader for the oppressed peasant class and embarks on a journey to find the class she belongs to in the caste system. Through the life of Ok Nyeo, this TV miniseries introduces Joseon’s proud legacy of human rights laws, which Ok Nyeo fights to enact throughout the kingdom.(Source: MBC)",7.8,1550,51,"['Jin Se Yeon', 'Go Soo', 'Jung Joon Ho', 'Park Joo Mi', 'Kim Mi Sook', 'Jeon Kwang Ryul']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Choi Jung Gyu,  Lee Byung Hoon",Choi Wan Kyu
654,When You Love Yourself,https://mydramalist.com/32252-when-you-love-yourself,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","Student Supporting Character, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Childhood Friends' Relationship, Short Length Series, Independent Female Lead, Beauty Standards, Social Issues, Miniseries ",Can I be happy if I meet someone's standards?How to love myself as I am?,7.8,966,6,"['Jung Min Gyu', 'Sat Byeol', 'Han Se Jin', 'Lee Gu Seul', 'Han Chae Kyung', 'Han Yi Young']",G - All Ages,"On Style,  vLive",Choi Sun Mi,Unknown
655,Yellow Boots,https://mydramalist.com/3689-yellow-boots,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Immature Female Lead, Transformation, Strong Female Lead, Prison Setting, Dark Fiction, Tough Past, Sly Female Lead, Childish Female Lead, Wrongfully Accused, Mental Illness ","Sweet Yun Hwa becomes the unwitting stepsister of Yu Ra. Though Yun Hwa would love nothing more to be sisters with Yu Ra, the latter will have nothing of it, due to a sticky situation in which her long-term crush, Yun Jae, just happens to be Yun Hwa’s doting boyfriend. In a tragic instant, Yu Ra takes everything Yun Hwa ever had: a promising future, a loving boyfriend, and the comfort of her family.",7.8,613,108,"['Lee Yoo Ri', 'Yoon Ah Jung', 'Hyun Woo Sung', 'Jung Chan', 'Min Ji Hyun', 'Kim Young Ran']",Not Yet Rated,tvN,Choi Eun Gyung,Yeo Jeong Mi
656,User Not Found,https://mydramalist.com/707173-account-has-been-deleted,"Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Identity Swap, Web Series, High School, Friendship, Short Length Series, Hidden Identity, Lying, Popular Male Lead, Secret, Cold Male Lead ","A romance drama about two female high school students who happen to share the same name. When they both transfer to a new school at the same time, hoping to use the opportunity to turn their lives around, they forge a secret contract to swap identities. Shin Yi Joon is the most popular student at his high school. Although he seems tough and aloof on the outside, Shin Yi Joon is actually a huge softie on the inside—and far from getting into fights with other students, he even has a hard time saying no to other people.(Source: Naver; Soompi)",7.8,3263,22,"['Bae Jin Young', 'Shin So Hyun', 'Han Ye Ji', 'Ahn Se Min', 'Lee Jong Hyuk', 'Kim Na Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
657,You Make Me Dance,https://mydramalist.com/682933-you-make-me-dance,"Romance,  Life,  Drama","Gay Romance, LGBTQ+, Nice Male Lead, Cohabitation, Web Series, Debt, Miniseries, Audition, Dance, Fate ","Song Shi On is a university student who is majoring in contemporary dance. After a major row, he has been thrown out of the family home and is left with an emotional wound. He decides to pursue his ambition and ends up sharing a rooftop apartment with Jin Hong Seok. This cold, attentive man works as a debt collector for the lending firm Chachacha Capital and has abandoned his dream of becoming a pianist. As the duo forms a close bond, the affection of CEO Cha Soo Ryeon and the jealousy of senior student Jung Hun threaten to derail their fledgling love story.(Source: allekseu at MyDramaList)",7.8,19825,8,"['Choo Young Woo', 'Won Tae Min', 'Lex', 'Lee Soo Ryun', 'Park Geon Rak']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Viki,So Joon Moon,Unknown
658,My Dangerous Wife,https://mydramalist.com/58567-my-dangerous-wife,"Thriller,  Psychological,  Drama","Smart Female Lead, Kidnapping, Infidelity, Money-Obsession, Revenge, Chef Male Lead, Married Life, Kind Female Lead, Famous Male Lead, Eccentric Female Lead ","Shim Jae Kyung is smart, kindhearted and wealthy. She is married to Kim Yoon Chul. They have been married for the past 6 years. Shim Jae Kyung enjoys her happy married life with her husband, but she becomes involved in a mysterious kidnapping case.Her husband, Kim Yoon Chul, is a popular chef. He has a good looking appearance and cheerful personality. He has an ordinary married life with his wife, but he feels Shim Jae Kyeong is awful and gets bored with his marriage. Meanwhile, Jin Sun Mi works at Kim Yoon Chul’s Italian restaurant. She has a special relationship with Kim Yoon Chul. She will do anything to get what she wants.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.8,1011,16,"['Kim Jung Eun', 'Choi Won Young', 'Choi Yoo Hwa', 'Lee Joon Hyuk', 'Ahn Nae Sang', 'Shim Hye Jin']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),MBN,Lee Hyung Min,Hwang Da Eun
659,Decoy,https://mydramalist.com/746195-chronicles-of-crime-season-2,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Crime,  Drama","Criminal Male Lead, Detective Male Lead, Corrupt Legal System, Financial Scandal, Greed, Fraud, Corruption, Investigation, Criminal Organization, Pyramid Scheme ","Just under a decade ago, South Korea was shaken to the core by a financial fraud project. Thousands of unsuspecting victims were tricked into investing their life savings. After the project was exposed as a scam, its mastermind Noh Sang Cheon ran away to China in a bid to escape the police. But he was soon after reported to have died in mysterious circumstances. The trail went cold. But some eight years after he was reported dead, the evidence appears to suggest that the notorious fraudster is still alive! A spate of killings begins, with Noh Sang Cheon apparently linked to the deaths.Trying to piece together the truth is the police officer and former lawyer Goo Do Han. Also on a quest for truth is a reporter named Cheon Na Yeon. She believes that a number of the murders have been covered – and that police investigations into the death may have been botched. The stakes begin to rise as games become deadly. What is really happening? And what role does Noh Sang Cheon play in these fatal events?(Source: Viki)",7.8,531,6,"['Jang Geun Suk', 'Heo Sung Tae', 'Lee Elijah', 'Oh Yeon Ah', 'Lee Seung Joon', 'Park Myung Hoon']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Kim Hong Seon,Kim Jin Wook
660,So Not Worth it,https://mydramalist.com/72735-i-wish-the-earth-would-be-destroyed-tomorrow,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth,  Sitcom","Multiple Mains, Hardworking Female Lead, Foreigner Supporting Character, Foreigner Male Lead, Friendship, Sweet Male Lead, Strong Female Lead, Nice Male Lead, Hardship, Multiracial Male Lead ","New friends, new loves, and new experiences mix together inside a colorful college dormitory in Seoul that's home to students from around the world.Se Wan is a teaching assistant who is in charge of managing the dorm. Jamie is a new student at the dorm from America. Sam is the son of the president of a tteokbokki global food chain who grew up in Australia. Minnie is a student from Thailand who has a lot of fantasies from watching Korean dramas. Hyun Min is a stateless Korean student who was not able to enter the dorm and has to commute five hours each day to school.(Source: Soompi, Netflix)",7.8,10177,12,"['Park Se Wan', 'Shin Hyun Seung', 'Choi Young Jae', 'Minnie', 'Han Hyun Min', 'Terris Brown']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Netflix,"Kwon Ik Joon,  Kim Jung Shik","Seo Eun Jung,  Baek Ji Hyun"
661,"Miss Ma, Nemesis",https://mydramalist.com/29575-miss-ma,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Drama","Police Department Setting, Prison Setting, Police Captain Supporting Character, Writer Female Lead, Competent Female Lead, Hatred, Tough Female Lead, Hidden Past, Fake Identity, Secret ","Ms. Ma was falsely accused of killing her daughter. After she escapes from prison,  she tries to clear her name and reveal the truth about her daughter’s death.(Source: MyDramaList)~~ Adapted from the novel series “Miss Marple“ by Agatha Christie.",7.8,578,32,"['Kim Yoon Jin', 'Go Sung Hee', 'Choi Kwang Je', 'Jung Woong In', 'CNU', 'Sung Ji Ru']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Min Yeon Hong,  Lee Jung Hoon",Park Jin Woo
662,20th Century Boy and Girl,https://mydramalist.com/22677-20th-century-boy-and-girl,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life","Friends To Lovers, Sismance, First Love, Love Triangle, Multiple Couples, Calm Male Lead, Bromance, Flashback To Past, Rich Female Lead, Fan Female Lead ","A top actress/singer who has an innocent soul in contrast to her gorgeous look, a slender airline stewardess who loves food and a young attorney who luckily landed a job at a private law firm but finds herself working long hours... All three of these women were members of the Bongo clique from the time they used to live in the same Seoul Mansion apartment complex. They still stay in touch despite their busy lives. Appearance-wise, one friend seems to have a successful acting career, and the other two work in reputable professions in the airline industry and law, but they deal with a lot of stress in their lives. Their lives as thirties in the big city of Seoul is a stressful one and they try to rekindle the lives they had when they were in their innocent teens while also searching for love and maintaining their deep friendship.(Source: MBC America)",7.8,3713,32,"['Han Ye Seul', 'Kim Ji Suk', 'Lee Sang Woo', 'Ryu Hyun Kyung', 'Lee Sang Hee', 'Ahn Se Ha']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Lee Dong Yoon,Lee Seon Hye
663,"The Great King, Sejong",https://mydramalist.com/2330-the-great-king-sejong,Historical,"King Male Lead, Historical Figure, Historical Fiction, Sejong The Great, Royalty, Joseon Dynasty ","Born as the third prince, Chung Nyeong, was far from ascending the throne. His early years were turbulent as Korea faced political tensions from both within and abroad and facing abduction as a boy to make matters worse. Eventually, the young prince finds himself living in a private residence outside of the palace and experiences the everyday life of commoners until he is a young man. Later on his ascension to the throne, Chung Nyeong (now called King Se Jong) stabilizes the newly born country and gives rise to the blooming culture of Joseon. In the process, he invents Hangul, the Korean writing system.",7.8,211,86,"['Kim Sang Kyung', 'Kim Yeong Cheol', 'Choi Myung Gil', 'Park  Sang Min', 'Kim Sung Ryung', 'Lee Yoon Ji']",Not Yet Rated,KBS1,"Kim Won Suk,  Kim Sung Geun","Kim Tae Hee,  Yoon Sun Joo"
664,IN-SEOUL Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/58529-in-seoul-2,"Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Blind Date, Slow Burn Romance, Male Chases Female First, Sismance, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Roommates' Relationship, Best Friends' Relationship, Female Centered Plot ","Kang Da Mi and Lee Ha Rim succeed in getting into an 'In Seoul' university and become roommates. The two were confident that they were best friends but started to feel some boredom for the first time in their relationship. The relationship between them will shows what true friendship is as they experience a stage of ennui while thinking they are each others' best friends.(Source: HanCinema, Kpopmap)",7.8,794,12,"['Min Do Hee', 'Jin Ye Ju', 'Ryeoun', 'Lee Ki Taek', 'Jung Hye Rin', 'Yu Bee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"jTBC,  Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Im Ji Eun,"Jung Soo Yoon,  Kim Hee Won"
665,Cherry Blossoms After Winter,https://mydramalist.com/709781-cherry-blossoms-after-winter,"Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Gay Romance, LGBTQ+, Gay Male Lead, Adapted From A Webtoon, Height Difference, Cohabitation, Long Time Crush, Web Series, Bullied Male Lead, High School ","The death of his parents forces a seven-year-old boy named Seo Hae Bom to move in with an adoptive family who have a young son of the same age named Jo Tae Seong. Seo Hae Bom is in awe of Jo Tae Seong – he considers the boy to be everything that he is not: tall, handsome, popular, caring, and worthy of love and attention. The diminutive Seo Hae Bom thinks himself inferior and is humbled by the kindness of the family that took him in.Things become slightly different for the duo, however, after Seo Hae Bom and Jo Tae Seong end up in the same high school class. All of a sudden, they are spending more time than ever together at home and at school. An unexpected romantic spark ignites between the two – but what will Cupid have to say about all this?(Source: Viki)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Cherry Blossoms After Winter"" (겨울 지나 벚꽃) by Bam Woo (밤우).",7.8,19681,8,"['Ok Jin Uk', 'Kang Hui', 'Lee Hyun Kyung', 'Cha Gun', 'Shin Ji Won', 'Kim Hyun Wook']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Viki,Yoon Joon Ho,Unknown
666,King Maker,https://mydramalist.com/22343-wind-and-cloud-and-rain,"Historical,  Romance,  Drama,  Supernatural","Joseon Dynasty, Power Struggle, Fate, Special Power, Premonition, Death, Flashback To Past, Psychometry, Unrequited Love, Genius Male Lead ","During the Joseon Dynasty (1392-1910), Choi Cheon Joong is Korea’s leading fortuneteller and face-reading physiognomist – as well as a skilled gambler and martial artist. He is beloved by the people of the realm and is a fierce patriot. However, he now faces his biggest challenge yet when he takes it upon himself to replace the corrupt regime running the country, hoping to elect in their place a virtuous young prince from a minor royal line.The prince, he believes, is the ideal man to take the Joseon throne. He also identifies the realm’s ideal royal consort – a humble street girl. Choi Cheon Joong must use all of his abilities to help the couple take power – but is aided in his efforts by a princess named Hwang Bong Ryun a woman who also displays incredible fortune-telling skills. As the duo proceeds with the audacious plan, they begin to develop feelings for one another...(Source: Viki)~~ Adapted from the novel ""Wind and Clouds and Rain"" by Lee Byung Joo.",7.8,958,21,"['Park Shi Hoo', 'Go Sung Hee', 'Jeon Kwang Ryul', 'Sung Hyuk', 'Kim Seung Soo', 'Cha Kwang Soo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,TV Chosun,Yoon Sang Ho,Bang Ji Young
667,Unintentional Love Story,https://mydramalist.com/732133-unintentional-love-story,"Comedy,  Romance","Potter Male Lead, Ceramic Artist Male Lead, Gay Male Lead, Gay Romance, Reserved Male Lead, Secret, LGBTQ+, Nice Male Lead, Adapted From A Webtoon, Gay Supporting Character ","When Ji Won Young's direct superior at work is fired due to a corruption scandal, Won Young - in spite of being innocent of any wrongdoing - finds himself unceremoniously discharged from the company as well. Desperate to get his job back, Won Young tries to curry favor by tracking down the chairman's favorite artist. He finds the missing man running a pottery shop in a remote town, but it's clear that Yoon Tae Joon has no desire to be found.Won Young decides to hang around town and secretly report whatever he can learn about Tae Joon's self-imposed exile, but when feelings begin to develop between the two, Won Young starts to question his sexuality, his motivations, and whether he even wants to go back to his old life in Seoul. But what will happen when Tae Joon learns Won Young has been spying on him this entire time?(Source: Anime-Planet)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Biuidojeog Yeonaedam"" (비의도적 연애담) by Phobe (피비).",7.8,8318,10,"['Cha Seo Won', 'Gongchan', 'Do Woo', 'Won Tae Min', 'Lim Hyun Tae', 'Lim Jun Hyuk']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,TVING,Jang Eui Soon,Unknown
668,Forest,https://mydramalist.com/33186-secret,"Business,  Psychological,  Romance,  Medical","Amnesia, Rich Male Lead, Tragic Past, Trauma, Cohabitation, Steamy Kiss, Childhood Trauma, Dissociative Amnesia, Strong Male Lead, Love/Hate Relationship ","Kang San Hyuk, a man who would go to any lengths for a business deal, is the CEO of the investment company RLI. He enters the 911 special rescue team to research a resort development in Miryeong Forest. Jung Yeong Jae is an up-and-coming surgeon who was sent to a deserted hospital in Miryeong after an unexpected incident.The pair have what seems like serendipitous moments until they meet in the forest, where they are strangely drawn to each other. However, Miryeong does not just seem to contain beautiful scenery but is also home to several secrets and tragedies. With no memories of his childhood and suffering from psychological trauma, will Kang Sun Hyuk be able to save his business deal and keep his secrets from the next-door doctor and the rest of the rescue team, or will he choose his heart over everything else, so as to save Miryeong and its residents?(Source: LuckyGirlGwenIce at MyDramaList)",7.8,6465,32,"['Park Hae Jin', 'Jo Bo Ah', 'Jung Yeon Joo', 'Noh Kwang Shik', 'Ryu Seung Soo', 'Woo Jung Kook']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Oh Jong Rok,Lee Sun Young
669,Return,https://mydramalist.com/25530-return,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Law","Strong Female Lead, Revenge, Tragic Past, Murder, Drug Addiction, Infidelity, Law Firm Setting, Criminal Justice System, Childhood Friends' Relationship, Police Department Setting ","Choi Ja Hye is a famous television lawyer and Dok Go Yeong is a hot-tempered detective. Ja Hye is hired to defend a member of a chaebol family, but the pair ends up working together on the murder case, where the suspects are all friends in the elite class.(Source: SBS International)",7.8,1384,34,"['Go Hyun Jung', 'Park Jin Hee', 'Lee Jin Wook', 'Shin Sung Rok', 'Bong Tae Kyu', 'Park Ki Woong']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Joo Dong Min,Choi Kyung Mi
670,Can You Deliver Time? 2002,https://mydramalist.com/711165-sea-delivery-2002,"Sci-Fi,  Fantasy","Short Length Series, Return To Past, Miniseries, Web Series, Time Travel ","Kim Woo Ri is a 20-year-old freshman. She dreamed of being a normal kid who could live free and independent. However, because the coronavirus is spreading, it makes her unable to do anything.One day she had a big fight with her mother. She wanted to live alone, but her mother wouldn't let her. The next day, she order her favorite food, and suddenly she was sent back to year 2002.(Source: filiaang at MyDramaList)",7.8,243,8,"['Jo Ah Young', 'Han So Eun', 'Lee Won Jung', 'Min Se Woong', 'Shin Ga Eun']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
671,Sweet Revenge Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/30520-sweet-revenge-season-2,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Romance,  Supernatural","Friends To Lovers, Suspense, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Neighbors' Relationship, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, Brothers' Relationship, Cold Male Lead ","The story of the teenage girl Oh Ji Na, who get a note which can be used to take revenge on others by typing in their names. It involves handsome brothers Robin and Jae Yi, the neighbors and good friends of Oh Ji Na. They are caught up in a love triangle with her. Robin is a rebellious teen whereas Jae Yi is a model student and these two brothers have a secret that no one knows of. Oh Ji Na has a sister, Oh Sa Na, who gets involved with the brothers by falling in love with them at first sight.The series focuses on the troubles these young teens faced with, their character development, and how they deal with those issues, by also learning life lessons. The protagonist Oh Ji Na also finds her true love along her life journey.",7.8,6513,32,"['Ahn Seo Hyun', 'Samuel', 'Ji Min Hyuk', 'Song Soo Hyun', 'Kim Ji Young', 'Ji Gun Woo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,XtvN,Unknown,Unknown
672,Goong,https://mydramalist.com/38-goong,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Arranged Marriage, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Love Triangle, Sassy Female Lead, Adapted From A Manhwa, Mean Male Lead, High School, Cold Man/Warm Woman, Cohabitation, Rich Male Lead ","Feisty, bubbly, and no-nonsense, Chae Gyeong is an ordinary high school student. Until one day when she receives some unexpected news. Because of her grandfather's will, she must marry the unendurable Crown Prince Lee Shin who also happens to attend her high school. Chae Gyeong initially resists the proposal before reluctantly agreeing to marry him to help her debt-ridden family.As she struggles to adapt herself to royal life, learning proper manners and taking on the duties of palace life while dealing with a disagreeable husband, the Crown Prince's sentimental cousin and second-in-line to the throne, Yul, steps into her life. She feels like she can rely on Yul for help and guidance but still finds it difficult not to worry about her haughty, cold-hearted husband.To help bridge this gap, the senior members of the royal family take some special measures to get them to spend the night together.(Source: MyDramaList)~~ Adapted from the manhwa ""Gung - Palace Love Story"" (궁) by Park Soo Hee (박소희) .",7.8,28975,24,"['Yoon Eun Hye', 'Joo Ji Hoon', 'Song Ji Hyo', 'Kim Jeong Hoon', 'Park Chan Hwan', 'Yoon Yoo Sun']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,MBC,"Hwang In Roe,  Kim Do Hyung",In Eun Ah
673,The Game,https://mydramalist.com/38723-the-game-towards-midnight,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Psychological,  Supernatural","Special Power, Supernatural Power, Death, Smart Male Lead, Tragic Past, Strong Female Lead, Murder, Orphan Female Lead, Teamwork, Child Abandonment ","When looking into someone's eyes, Kim Tae Pyung sees the moments right before their death. He takes advantage of his gift to earn money by selling this information to rich people about whoever they want. One day, he crosses path with Seo Joon Young, a crime division detective, whose death he can't foresee. Not knowing what this might imply, he tries to avoid her. But his power gets him involved in a kidnapping case. Although he was never once wrong with his death predictions, he still helps the police find the body.(Source: MyDramaList)",7.8,4308,32,"['Ok Taec Yeon', 'Lee Yun Hee', 'Im Joo Hwan', 'Park Ji Il', 'Choi Jae Woong', 'Shin Sung Min']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Jang Joon Ho,Lee Ji Hyo
674,Switch,https://mydramalist.com/26730-king-peacock,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Comedy,  Law","Identity Swap, Impersonation, Deception, Smart Male Lead, Strong Female Lead, Corrupt Legal System, Long-lost Father, Doppelganger, Murder, Hardworking Female Lead ","Scam a thousand dollars, and you are a thief. If the amount becomes a billion, you are a financier. Break a small promise, you become a conman. If you betray the trust of millions of people, you are a politician. If the law cannot punish those who have wronged thousands of lives, what can we do about it? In a society without righteousness, there need to be drastic measures taken in order to catch the bad guys. An eye for an eye, and a conman for a conman. Oh Ha Ra, a young prosecutor, meets a man who looks exactly like her senior prosecutor, Baek Joon Soo. While looking for a double to replace Joon Soo, she meets an unordinary man named Sa Do Chan. Do Chan, a genius conman, puts his skills to use in order to catch the bad guys who know their ways around the law.(Source: Viki)",7.8,2903,32,"['Jang Geun Suk', 'Han Ye Ri', 'Jung Woong In', 'Jo Hee Bong', 'Kwon Hwa Woon', 'Lee Jung Gil']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Nam Tae Jin,Baek Woon Cheol
675,Grand Prince,https://mydramalist.com/26029-grand-prince,"Historical,  Romance,  Drama,  Political","Joseon Dynasty, Sibling Rivalry, Love Triangle, Palace Setting, Prince Male Lead, Historical Fiction, Royalty, Rebellion, Bromance, Friendship ","Centered around one woman who gets caught up in a bloody romance with two princes. This drama tells the story of a man who would kill even his younger brother to have the object of his love, the woman who wants to keep the world at a distance, and the intense desires and pure feelings that they experience. Bromance between the royal brothers intertwines with both love and hate. There is a fierce rivalry among the women of the royalty in claiming the ultimate position of queen. The young woman, named Sung Ja Hyun, is beloved by all and is the daughter of a prestigious government official. She’s so famous for her beauty that she has prospective suitors lined up from all over the country vying for her hand. She’s inherited her scholarly father’s personality; she possesses a strong sense of compassion and righteousness and tackles things with passion.(Source: MyDramaList)",7.8,2688,20,"['Yoon Shi Yoon', 'Jin Se Yeon', 'Joo Sang Wook', 'Lee Yeon Kyung', 'Jang In Sub', 'Yeom Dong Hun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"TV Chosun,  Viki",Kim Jung Min,Jo Hyun Kyung
676,Late Night Restaurant,https://mydramalist.com/14342-late-night-restaurant,"Food,  Life,  Drama","Episodic Format, Life Lesson, Calm Male Lead, Strong Male Lead, Nice Male Lead, Restaurant Setting, Restaurateur Male Lead, Chef Male Lead, Cooking, Adapted From A Manga ",A late night restaurant opens at midnight and closes at 7am. The owner and chef of the restaurant makes whatever his customers ask for.,7.8,628,20,"['Kim Seung Woo', 'Nam Tae Hyun', 'Jung Han Hun', 'Park Joon Myun', 'Son Hwa Ryung', 'Ban Min Jung']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Hwang In Roe,Unknown
677,Jang Ok Jung,https://mydramalist.com/5570-jang-ok-jung,"Historical,  Romance,  Drama","Poor Female Lead, Joseon Dynasty, First Love, King Male Lead, Royalty, Harem, Love Triangle, Rivalry, Historical Fiction, Childbirth ","This drama tells the story of Jang Hee Bin, one of the most famous royal concubines in the Joseon Dynasty who was behind the deposition of King Sook Jong’s wife, Queen In Hyun. However, unlike the countless dramas and movies about this famous villain, this drama will tell the story of Jang Ok Jung before she became concubine Jang Hee Bin and focus on her role as a fashion designer and cosmetic maker in the Joseon era.",7.8,3459,24,"['Yoo Ah In', 'Kim Tae Hee', 'Hong Soo Hyun', 'Lee Sang Yeob', 'Jae Hee', 'Sung Dong Il']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Boo Sung Chul,Unknown
678,Out of Breath,https://mydramalist.com/52951-out-of-breath,"Romance,  Life,  Drama","LGBTQ+, Character Development, Miniseries, Web Series, Sismance, Social Commentary, Lesbian Romance, Strong Female Lead, Dating App, Unrequited Love ","Ha Eun's girlfriend breaks up with her because she's scared of people knowing she's a lesbian. After a push from her best friend, Ha Eun meets Min Seo  on a dating app. The two of them do all of the things on Ha Eun's list of dates that she never got to do with her ex. After spending time together, will Ha Eun be able to get over her ex and move on?",7.8,1230,3,"['Son Soo Hyun', 'Lim Ji Ahn', 'Choi Ji Won']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Unknown,Soo Not Sue,Jo Ah Ra
679,Cat's Bar,https://mydramalist.com/47215-cat-s-bar,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Supernatural","Web Series, Bartender Male Lead, Shapeshifter Male Lead, Animal Representation, Cat, Nice Male Lead, Animal, Fantasy, Kind Male Lead, Short Length Series ","After their ""butler""gets hurt, 3 mysterious cats start running a bar to make a living.  Na Bi, Byeol and Jang Gun, three cats that can turn into humans, will help out their customers by offering them special drinks that can make them revisit their memories.",7.8,422,10,"['Kim Wook', 'Lee Ho Yeon', 'Cha Bo Sung', 'Min Hyo Won', 'Oh Se Young', 'Lee Yoo Jin']",G - All Ages,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
680,King Gwanggaeto the Great,https://mydramalist.com/1799-king-gwanggaeto-the-great,"Historical,  Political","Royalty, Goguryeo Dynasty, Warrior Female Lead, King Male Lead, Gwanggaeto The Great, Historical Figure, Historical Fiction, Sword-fight, Strong Female Lead ","A drama detailing the life of King Gwang Gae To the Great, who restored the glory of Goguryeo by wresting power back from Baekje, which had invaded Goguryeo prior to Gwang Gae To's birth and dominated East Asia under the rule of King Geun Cho Go.",7.8,253,92,"['Kim Seung Soo', 'Im Ho', 'Lee Tae Gon', 'Oh Ji Eun', 'Choi Dong Joon', 'Jung Ho Geun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS1,Unknown,Jo Myung Joo
681,Plus Nine Boys,https://mydramalist.com/10166-plus-nine-boys,Romance,"Male Chases Female First, Friends To Lovers, Multiple Couples, Male Centered Plot, Superstition, Love Triangle, Bromance, Workplace Setting, Workplace Romance, Playboy Male Lead ","There is a common Korean belief that anything plus nine (gu in Korean) is always ""cursed"" and brings about more hardship than usual, including the ninth year of every decade in one's life.Gu Gwang Soo is 39 years old. He was once the brilliant PD of the nation's top live music program. But his fall from grace occurs when members of an indie band he'd cast drop their pants onstage and flash the entire country during a live broadcast (based on a real-life incident on MBC in 2005). Gwang Soo often thinks about his ex-girlfriend Joo Da In who suddenly broke up with him one day and left him heartbroken. When they meet again, she is a single mother whose life revolves around her young daughter.Kang Jin Gu is 29 years old. He has two younger brothers, Min Gu and Dong Gu. Jin Gu is a tour planner for a large vacation travel agency, and he's popular, self-assured and carefree. Jin Gu falls into a one-sided love for the first time in his life when he confesses his feelings to his friend and co-worker Ma Se Young, but she tells him that she likes someone else, and he doesn't know how to deal with being friend zoned.Kang Min Gu is 19 years old. He is a hot-tempered high school senior and judo athlete. Min Gu dreams of going to his dream college on a judo scholarship, which means giving his all to win a gold medal in his competitive matches. Min Gu keeps running into a cute but mysterious girl named Han Soo Ah all over town, and he decides that they're fated to be together. But Soo Ah has the entire district's high school boys swooning over her.Kang Dong Gu is 9 years old. He is a child actor who got famous doing food commercials because of his healthy appetite. Dong Gu suddenly feels threatened when, for the first time ever, he loses a job to a new rival child actor and finds himself in a career slump. The precocious Dong Gu has also been secretly dating 8-year-old child actress Jang Baek Ji for the past two years, but she dumps him for his rival.",7.8,4106,14,"['Kim Young Kwang', 'Oh Jung Se', 'Yook Sung Jae', 'Choi Ro Woon', 'Kyung Soo Jin', 'Yoo Da In']",Not Yet Rated,tvN,Yoo Hak Chan,Unknown
682,Ending Again,https://mydramalist.com/54925-ending-again,"Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Web Series, Internship, Ex-Boyfriend Comes Back, Break Up, One-night Stand, Contract Relationship, Marriage, Love Triangle, Student, First Love ","While working as a marketing intern at the Levan Art Museum, Cha In Young  may not be living the dream life, but she’s certainly on her way to making her long-term dreams come true. At least that was what she thought until Yoo Chan Hee, her boyfriend of eight years, suddenly announced that he was going abroad to pursue his own dreams and then proceeded to dump her. Now on her own, In Young has decided to swear off men and marriage and focus solely on herself and her career. Unfortunately, picking up the pieces of your broken life isn’t easy, especially not once you realize you’ve been trapped in a shady real estate scam. Now faced with the possibility of losing her home, In Young has no idea what it is she’s going to do next. At the end of her rope, In Young is willing to take drastic measures, in order to keep her home which is why she agrees to fake a relationship with one of her college juniors, Do Yoon Soo. An art management major who has only recently returned to classes, Yoon Soo has a complicated relationship with his sunbae. But when they both find themselves in need of financial support, he agrees to “marry” In Young to receive the government aid available to newlyweds.(Source: Viki)",7.8,5872,12,"['Jo Soo Min', 'Kim Geon Won', 'Kang Hui', 'Kim Seo An', 'Ma Si Hwan', 'Kim Min Jong']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Naver TV Cast,Park Dhan Hee,Jung Soo Yoon
683,Mask Girl,https://mydramalist.com/715503-mask-girl,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Comedy,  Drama","Revenge, Noir, Suspense, Inferiority Complex, Fake Identity, Secret Crush, Black Comedy, Adapted From A Webtoon, Co-workers' Relationship, Live Streamer Female Lead ","Kim Mo Mi is an ordinary office woman with a severe sense of inferiority in appearance, and is caught up in various incidents while as an internet broadcast jockey with her face covered with a mask. Joo Oh Nam is Kim Mo Mi’s coworker. He harbors a one-sided crush on Kim Mo Mi. As a character who also feels inferior about his appearance and lacks presence in general, Joo Oh Nam’s only source of joy is watching internet broadcasts. He will get swept up in an unexpected incident with Kim Mo Mi.(Source: Naver)~~ Adapted from the webtoon series ""Mask Girl"" (마스크걸) written by Maemi (매미) and illustrated by Hee Se (희세).",7.8,1516,7,"['Lee Han Byul', 'Go Hyun Jung', 'Nana', 'Yeom Hye Ran', 'Shin Ye Seo', 'Ahn Jae Hong']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),Netflix,Kim Yong Hoon,Unknown
684,Crash! Insignificant Roommates,https://mydramalist.com/49413-crash-insignificant-roommates,"Comedy,  Youth","School Setting, Roommates' Relationship, Short Length Series, University, Miniseries, Web Series, Friendship ","It tells the story and episodes of the 10 close boys who have lived together since high school. A group of young boys who find the destination and explore the universe in the early days of university. They were expecting to meet paradise when they entered university. This is a great chance for those who are sad and want to be alone. However, when they started to experience it, they realised that that was not true. They portray the love, friendship, and dreams of the 20s.A group of boys who face problems in their lives and want to enjoy their life by making friends and girlfriends, but they are wrong.(Source: Kpopmap )",7.8,251,8,"['Choi Bo Min', 'Lee Jang Jun', 'Bong Jae Hyun', 'Hong Joo Chan', 'Y', 'Kim Ji Beom']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
685,You Raise Me Up,https://mydramalist.com/696959-you-raise-me-up,"Psychological,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","First Love, Urologist, Female Chases Male First, Mild Sexual Content, Confident Female Lead, Insecure Male Lead, Self-Hate, Mental Illness, Steamy Kiss, Depression ","A comedy-drama surrounding Do Yong Shik, who is experiencing decreased sex drive in his 30s, as he reunites with his first love Lee Ru Da, who is his urologist. 31-year-old Do Yong Shik, who is preparing for his civil service examination. Not only has he put on weight while studying for the exam, but he also has to get treated by a urologist. However, he despairs when he meets his doctor, who is his first love. Urologist Lee Ru Da has exceptional visuals and comes from an affluent family; the only problem is her overconfident boyfriend. To bring him down a notch, she bragged about her amazing first love. However, when Lee Ru Da reunites with him at the hospital, he is not the person he used to be. To save face, she starts a mission to help him raise his self-esteem. Lee Ru Da’s problematic boyfriend Do Ji Hyuk is a psychiatrist who runs a psychological counseling center in the same building as Lee Ru Da. He was born in a wealthy family, is a private practice physician, and has flawless visuals, making him a man who seems to have everything. The only problem is that he’s also too aware of these facts. Getting high on his charms, he has a talent for making his girlfriend angry.(Source: Soompi)",7.8,4188,8,"['Yoon Shi Yoon', 'Ahn Hee Yeon', 'Park Ki Woong', 'Kim Seol Jin', 'Choi Dae Hoon', 'Seo Jung Yeon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Kim Jang Han,Mo Ji Hye
686,One Fine Week Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/78103-one-fine-week-2,Romance,"Web Series, Doppelganger, Secret Relationship, Identity Swap, Idol Female Lead, Short Length Series, Café Setting, Part-time Worker Female Lead, Idol Male Lead, Miniseries ","Da Eun works part-time, and Kim Byul is an idol. These two girls who look alike decide to change each other's lives just for 7 days. And now, 1 year later, they decided to change one more time because of one event! A special one week is about to start anew.(Source: Kpopmap)",7.8,2128,10,"['Seo Ji Soo', 'Shin Jun Seop', 'Lee Ki Taek', 'Bae Woo Hee', 'Park Seo Ham', 'Park Geon Il']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Kang Dong Hee,Unknown
687,Room No. 9,https://mydramalist.com/28445-room-n9,"Mystery,  Drama,  Fantasy","Body Swap, Hardworking Female Lead, Badass Female Lead, Wrongfully Accused, Smart Female Lead, Deception, Smart Male Lead, Older Woman/Younger Man, Calm Male Lead, Revenge ","Eulji Hae Yi is a ruthless lawyer who wins all of her cases. She goes to meet with Jang Hwa Sa, a death-row convict who is the infamous killer behind a poison murder case. Inside Room No. 9 of the high-security women’s prison, the souls of Hae Yi and Hwa Sa change bodies. Doctor Gi Yoo Jin, Hae Yi’s boyfriend, somehow hold the key to the two women's fate.(Source: Viki)",7.8,1362,16,"['Kim Hee Sun', 'Kim Hae Sook', 'Kim Young Kwang', 'Lee Kyung Young', 'Oh Dae Hwan', 'One']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Ji Young Soo,Jung Sung Hee
688,Lies Hidden in My Garden,https://mydramalist.com/740197-a-house-with-a-yard,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Psychological,  Drama","Rich Woman/Poor Woman, Post-traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD), Psychological Abuse, Perfectionist Male Lead, Psychological Manipulation, Perfectionist Female Lead, Extortion, Abusive Husband, Gaslighting, Obsessive Male Lead ","Moon Joo Ran grew up in a wealthy family. She is now a housewife and married to Jae Ho, who works as a doctor. They live in a house with a yard. Her peaceful daily life is abruptly shaken when she notices a strange smell in her backyard. This leads to Moon Joo Ran eventually investigating her husband and meeting Chu Sang Eun. Chu Sang Eun lives a completely different life from Moon Joo Ran. She grew up in a poor environment and, even now, suffers from financial difficulties. She lives in a shabby rented apartment with her husband, Kim Yun Beom. Kim Yun Beom works for a pharmaceutical company. Sang Eun is subject to domestic violence by her husband, Kim Yun Beom. Her life is completely miserable. One day, she receives a phone call that Kim Yun Beom is dead.(Source: AsianWiki)~~ Adapted from the novel ""Lies Hidden in My Backyard"" (마당이 있는 집) by Kim Jin Yeong (김진영).",7.8,1895,8,"['Kim Tae Hee', 'Im Ji Yeon', 'Kim Sung Oh', 'Choi Jae Rim', 'Cha Sung Je', 'Jung Woon Sun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"ENA,  Genie TV",Jung Ji Hyun,Ji Ah Nee
689,"Alice, the Final Weapon",https://mydramalist.com/711493-she-s-the-last-weapon,"Action,  Thriller,  Romance,  Youth","Assault, Black Humor, Masochism, Miniseries, Trauma, Web Series, Violence, Blood, Assassin Supporting Character, Suicidal Male Lead ","Gyeo Wool might look like just another normal high school student but in reality, she harbors a dark secret: she’s actually a trained killer. Posing as a transfer student to hide her true identity, Gyeo Wool does her best to blend in, but it’s not easy. Especially not after she meets Yeo Reum.Unlike his classmates, Yeo Reum spends most of his life feeling nothing at all. Having experienced extreme trauma in the past, Yeo Reum is only able to feel alive when he’s in pain. Accepting pain as his only connection to a “normal” life, Yeo Reum has no problem getting involved in Gyeo Wool’s life, especially not once he realizes there’s something very different about her.Though neither expected to be involved in each other’s lives, Gyeo Wool and Yeo Reum have no choice but to stay together after a criminal organization begins to hunt them down. Will this unlikely duo prove victorious in an increasingly deadly game of cat and mouse?(Source: Viki)",7.8,1620,8,"['Park Se Wan', 'Song Geon Hee', 'Kim Sung Oh', 'Kim Tae Hoon', 'Jung Seung Kil', 'Byun Jun Seo']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,"Lee Byung Hun,  Seo Seong Won",Unknown
690,Awl,https://mydramalist.com/14931-awl,"Life,  Drama","Workplace Abuse, Adapted From A Webtoon, Based On True Story ","Soo In has a timid personality and is easily frightened, but he stands up for justice and does not cower in fear when he feels that he has been wronged. Early on in his military career, he becomes disillusioned with the falling standards and poor morale in an institution that supposedly practices strict discipline. This leads him to leave the military. In his new civilian life, he gets hired by a foreign retail distribution company and becomes the head manager of a large retail store. The retailer he works for slashes labor costs by firing part-time workers before they can qualify for benefits and higher wages. He cannot tolerate the company's poor and immoral treatment, so he decides to fight against the management. However, as he faces pressure from the company, he is forced to seek help from a labor counseling center and meets Go Shin, the center's manager. His only way to win the case is to utilize the Labor Act like a sword in his mission to fight against corruption and illegal corporate behavior. He boldly 'pierces into' the society that suppresses individual people with tyranny, just like an awl that bores a hole into the stiff wall... Soo In's lone fight to reclaim the labor rights workers have forgotten is about to begin!(Source:JTBC)",7.8,578,12,"['Ji Hyun Woo', 'Ahn Nae Sang', 'Ye Sung', 'Kim Ga Eun', 'Kim Hee Won', 'Hyun Woo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,Kim Seok Yoon,"Kim Soo Jin,  Lee Nam Gyu"
691,Between Friendship and Love Season 3,https://mydramalist.com/30070-between-friendship-and-love-3,"Romance,  Drama","Screenwriter Female Lead, Short Length Series, Break Up, Steamy Kiss, Web Series, Nice Male Lead, Love Triangle ","Han Sa Rang is a scriptwriter and is working with PD Woo. She still has lingering feeling for her ex-boyfriend turned-friend Nam Woo Jung. When PD Woo confesses to her, will she move forward with him, or will Woo Jung hold her back?",7.8,388,12,"['Kim Chae Eun', 'Mu Jin Sung', 'Kim Wook', 'Han So Eun', 'Hong Seung Bum', 'Lee Da In']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Unknown,Lee Ye Dam
692,I Have a Lover,https://mydramalist.com/15090-i-have-a-lover,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Amnesia, Birth Secret, Strong Female Lead, Second Chance, Infidelity, Identical Twin Female Lead, Lawyer Female Lead, Neurological Disorder, Twin Exchange, Time Skip ","A coincidental switch of cars leads to a switch of fates for twins who were separated 30 yers ago. Hae Kang, the elder sister is a successful lawyer married to Jin Eon the successor of a top pharmaceutical company. Their love marriage is shattered by the death of their daughter and her husband's affair with Seol Ri, which ultimately leads to their divorce. But before the divorce  is officially declared, Yong Ki switches cars with Hae Kang to avoid being followed by people who are after her life. Yong Ki is the younger sister who is a pregnant widow trying to uncover the secrets behind her husband's sudden death. After the fateful encounter, Hae Kang ends up in a horrible accident (in the switched car) which makes her lose her memories. Baek Seok saves her and allows her to live with his family till she recovers but mistakes her to be his first love Yong Ki.Hae Kang as Yong Ki is no longer a cold and reserved person, instead she's warm, cheerful and caring. As Seol Ri and Jin Eon are in talks for marriage, he accidentally runs into Yong Ki. He is shocked at first but gradually begins suspecting that she's his wife and falls for her newly discovered bright self. She's shaken by his arrival too.(Source: Another Stranger at MyDramaList)",7.7,1979,50,"['Kim Hyun Joo', 'Ji Jin Hee', 'Park Han Byul', 'Lee Kyu Han', 'Dok Go Young Jae', 'Baek Ji Won']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Choi Moon Seok,Bae Yoo Mi
693,Beautiful Gong Shim,https://mydramalist.com/17219-beautiful-gong-shim,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Sibling Rivalry, Love Triangle, Nice Male Lead, Long Lost Child, Male Chases Female First, Love Square, Poor Female Lead, Smart Male Lead, Sassy Female Lead, Poor Male Lead ","This drama is about the love story of two sisters and two men. The talented older sister has everything, including a beautiful appearance, and her younger sister,  who is less attractive but still has a warm heart. And two men appear in front of the siblings: a progressively more attractive man, who moved into a humble rental room on the rooftop of their building and another man who is handsome and wealthy from a plutocrat family. The romance-comedy drama depicts an eventful and unpredictable love story by the four people from such a warmhearted point of view.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.8,15343,20,"['Namkoong Min', 'Bang Min Ah', 'Ohn Joo Wan', 'Seo Hyo Rim', 'Oh Hyun Kyung', 'Woo Hyun']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,SBS,"Baek Soo Chan,  Nam Tae Jin",Lee Hee Myung
694,My Girl,https://mydramalist.com/48-my-girl-2005,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Rich Man/Poor Woman, Stolen Identity, Contract Relationship, Quirky Female Lead, Bromance, Sassy Female Lead, Ex-girlfriend Comes Back, Rags To Riches, Housemates' Relationship, Hotel Setting ","When Gong Chan meets the lively and beautiful Yoo Rin, he finds out that she has connections to his missing cousin, whom his grandfather has been searching for. He asks Yoo Rin to lie about being his long missing cousin until he can find his real cousin. She says yes, but soon their feelings for each other get in the way of their plans. Gong Chan's friend, Jung Woo falls for Yoo Rin while Gong Chan's ex-girlfriend, Se Hyun, a pro tennis player, tries to win him back. Will the two ever tell each other how they feel? Will Gong Chan ever find his real cousin?",7.8,15469,16,"['Lee Da Hae', 'Lee Dong Wook', 'Lee Joon Gi', 'Park Shi Yeon', 'Yoon Jung Eun', 'Hwang Bo Ra']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Jeon Ki Sang,"Hong Jung Eun,  Hong Mi Ran"
695,Cinderella and the Four Knights,https://mydramalist.com/16119-cinderella-and-the-four-knights,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Cohabitation, Hardworking Female Lead, Reverse-Harem, Rich Male Lead, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Cold Man/Warm Woman, Multiple Mains, Strong Female Lead, Forbidden Love, First Love ","Eun Ha Won is in her third year of high school with dreams of becoming a teacher. Unattached from her father, step-mother, and step-sister, and poorly treated by them, Ha Won still manages to maintain her bright personality and strong set of morals, working various part-time jobs to pay for her upcoming university tuition fees and keeping her eyes firmly glued to her goals.Meanwhile, in another part of the city are three spoiled cousins, Ji Woon, Hyun Min, and Seo Woo, living together in a mansion called Sky House. With their wildly different personalities - Ji Woon a tough guy, Hyun Min a playboy, and Seo Woo a musician - they all deeply dislike each other and prefer to be as far away from each other as possible.One day, their grandfather orders his 3 grandsons to attend his 5th wedding ceremony. Hyun Min doesn't want to go, but ultimately ends up hiring Ha Won to be his date for 3 hours so he can upstage his grandfather. His plans don't completely pan out, however, when the grandfather witnesses Ha Won's no-nonsense attitude towards Hyun Min and decides to hire her as a live-in butler and drill sergeant of sorts at Sky House. What follows is a lot of shenanigans, love triangles, drama, and plenty of sass.",7.8,52562,16,"['Park So Dam', 'Jung Il Woo', 'Ahn Jae Hyun', 'Lee Jung Shin', 'Choi Min', 'Son Na Eun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,"Kwon Hyuk Chan,  Lee Min Woo","Min Ji Eun,  Won Young Shil,  Lee Seung Jin"
696,Yong Pal,https://mydramalist.com/14655-yong-pal,"Action,  Romance,  Drama,  Medical","Revenge, Strong Female Lead, Strong Male Lead, Rich Woman/Poor Man, Character Development, Power Struggle, Poor Male Lead, Boss-Employee Relationship, Hospital Setting, Surgeon Male Lead ","Kim Tae Hyeon is a talented surgeon. Desperate for money to pay his sister's medical bills, he adopts the code name Yong Pal and offers his medical skills to those in need of medical attention but who cannot do so publicly, dealing with gangsters and corrupt plutocrats. It is while making such a house call that Tae Hyeon rescues ""sleeping beauty"" Han Yeo Jin, a chaebol heiress, from a medically induced coma, leading to unintended consequences.",7.8,11862,18,"['Joo Won', 'Kim Tae Hee', 'Jo Hyun Jae', 'Chae Jung An', 'Jung Woong In', 'Bae Hae Seon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Oh Jin Suk,Jang Hyuk Rin
697,The Great Show,https://mydramalist.com/33369-the-great-show,"Comedy,  Drama,  Political","Father-Daughter Relationship, Nice Female Lead, Secret Crush, Smart Female Lead, Child Abandonment, Smart Male Lead, Father-Son Relationship, Nice Male Lead, Love Triangle, Competition ","Wie Dae Han is an ex-lawmaker and is a materialistic kind of politician. He wants to get elected as lawmaker again. One day, 18-year-old girl Da Jung comes to him. She tells him that he is her real father. Her mother raised four children, including Da Jung, alone, but she died in a hit-and-run accident. Da Jung is the only one now taking care of her 3 younger siblings. Wie Dae Han accepts Da Jung and her 3 younger siblings. He carries out “The Great Show” to become a lawmaker again. (Source: AsianWiki)",7.8,2409,16,"['Song Seung Heon', 'Lee Sun Bin', 'Im Joo Hwan', 'Roh Jeong Eui', 'Park Ha Na', 'Son Byung Ho']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,"Shin Yong Hwi,  Kim Jung Wook",Seol Joon Seok
698,Soul Mechanic,https://mydramalist.com/50943-soul-repairer,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Medical","Nice Male Lead, Older Man/Younger Woman, Eccentric Male Lead, Character Development, Psychiatry, Slow Burn Romance, Father-Son Relationship, Friendship, Hardworking Male Lead, Dementia ","How do you deal with anger? Where does happiness actually come from? These questions are at the heart of Fix You, a touching drama about a quirky psychiatrist on a mission to help people heal, and a rising star whose emotional wounds run deep. Lee Si Joon is an eccentric but passionate psychiatrist working in a hospital. He cares deeply for his patients, whom he tries to help through valiant, yet often unorthodox efforts. Han Woo Joo is an up and coming musical actress. Honest and principled, her efforts on the stage seem to be paying off, but she struggles with anger issues and recurring mental breakdowns that threaten to derail her career. With compassion as his tool, can Lee Si Joon help mend her soul and let the healing begin?(Source: Viki)",7.8,2700,32,"['Shin Ha Kyun', 'Jung So Min', 'Tae In Ho', 'Park Ye Jin', 'Joo Min Kyung', 'Jung Hae Kyun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Yoo Hyun Ki,Lee Hyang Hee
699,Introverted Boss,https://mydramalist.com/21306-introverted-boss,"Business,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Boss-Employee Relationship, Healing, Nice Male Lead, Eccentric Male Lead, Tragic Past, Rich Male Lead, Trauma, Sassy Female Lead, Steamy Kiss, Teamwork ","When a young, energetic employee joins a public relations firm with an introverted and severely misunderstood boss, she makes it her life’s mission to show the world who he really is.Chae Ro Un has one simple goal in life: to expose the big boss man, Eun Hwan Ki, for who he really is and take her revenge. She blames him for her family's downfall. (Source: DramaFever)",7.8,28965,16,"['Yeon Woo Jin', 'Park Hye Soo', 'Gong Seung Yeon', 'Yoon Park', 'Ye Ji Won', 'Jeon Hyo Sung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Song Hyun Wook,Joo Hwa Mi
700,Justice,https://mydramalist.com/33432-justice,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Law,  Drama","Strong Female Lead, Investigation, Suspense, Death, Revenge, Murder, Attempted Murder, Criminal Justice System, Adapted From A Web Novel, Police Department Setting ","Lee Tae Kyung  is a star lawyer with the best win rate. He is able to win cases by using his sharp logic and intelligent speeches. He amasses power and wealth by dealing with clients who are part of the elite class. His cases are usually referred from Song Woo Yong who is the owner of a construction company. Lee Tae Kyung gets these high class criminals acquitted or at minimum receive probation.  He first became a lawyer to get revenge for his younger brother, but has since become focused on money. He changes when he deals with a series of cases involving missing actresses.Meanwhile, Song Woo Yong has grown his construction company by funneling criminal cases involving wealthy people to Lee Tae Kyung. For his family, he desires even more power. He comes into conflict with Lee Tae Kyung over the cases involving missing actresses.(Source: AsianWiki)~~ Adapted from the web novel of the same name.",7.8,1098,32,"['Choi Jin Hyuk', 'Son Hyun Joo', 'Nana', 'Park Sung Hoon', 'Lee Hak Joo', 'Kim Hee Chan']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Jo Woong,Jung Chan Mi
701,Longing Heart,https://mydramalist.com/24965-longing-heart,"Mystery,  Comedy,  Romance,  Fantasy","Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, Doctor Female Lead, Hidden Identity, Male Chases Female First, Nice Male Lead, First Love, Adapted From A Webtoon, Time Travel, Investigation ","A man named Shin Woo regrets letting his first love go ten years ago because he didn’t have the courage to confess. However, he gets the chance to win her again when he travels back in time, and this time he’s armed with the knowledge that she liked him back then too. He tries to help his younger self to win her heart but unfortunately, he turns out to be a competitor to  himself as the girl starts to crush on older Shin Woo . The plot thickens as present and past tangles when he starts to find out the reason they got separated.~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Aeganjang"" (애간장) by Kim Hee Ran (김희란) and Kim Byung Gwan (김병관).",7.8,3734,10,"['Lee Jung Shin', 'Seo Ji Hoon', 'Lee Yeol Eum', 'Kim Min Seok', 'Min Do Hee', 'Lee Joo Hyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,OCN,"Min Yeon Hong,  Lee Jung Hoon",Park Ga Yun
702,Criminal Minds,https://mydramalist.com/22149-criminal-minds,"Action,  Mystery,  Drama","Murder, Investigation, Criminal Profiler Male Lead, Dark Fiction, Criminal Profiler Female Lead, Trauma, Serial Killer Supporting Character, Criminal Supporting Character, Kidnapping, Non-MDL Remake ","The drama follows a group of highly trained profilers in the fictional National Criminal Investigation (NCI) team who track down criminals to solve cases. It begins a year after a crucial error results in a bomb detonating at a hospital, killing several SWAT officers and leaving the NCI team leader Kang Ki Hyung's confidence badly shaken. He returns to work after a long break and is immediately drawn into a serial murder case which requires the NCI team to collaborate with the local police agency's Violent Crimes Unit. They meet the temperamental police officer Kim Hyun Joon, who appears to have a bitter grudge against Ki Hyung.(Source: Wikipedia)~~ Remake of the American TV series ""Criminal Minds"" [2005].",7.8,6933,20,"['Son Hyun Joo', 'Lee Joon Gi', 'Moon Chae Won', 'Yoo  Sun', 'Lee Sun Bin', 'Go Yoon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,"Lee Jeong Hyo,  Yang Yoon Ho",Hong Seung Hyun
703,Man to Man,https://mydramalist.com/16977-man-to-man,"Action,  Thriller,  Comedy,  Romance","Hidden Identity, Bromance, Strong Male Lead, Eccentric Female Lead, Eccentric Male Lead, Car Accident, Smart Male Lead, Roommates' Relationship, Congressman/Congresswoman Supporting Character, Undercover Agent Male Lead ","Kim Sul Woo is a mysterious National Intelligence Service (NIS) agent whose identity is known only by a few superiors at the top of the agency. As a highly skilled and suave agent, he can accomplish any and every mission he is assigned. When a large conglomerate, Songsan Group, is identified as a threat to the country, Sul Woo needs to go undercover again. One day, he is ordered to infiltrate a private party held by Chairman Victor, a Russian oil tycoon, and extract the legendary wood carvings hidden in the compound. However, his best cover is to get himself attached to world star Yeo Woon Guang as his elite bodyguard, and so begins a whole new unexpected mission for Sul Woo. Woon Guang was a nameless stuntman who became a top star through unexpected good fortune after starring in a Hollywood hero series called, ""Dark Death."" He is in his forties and now specializes in acting as a villain. The often childlike Woon Guang is constantly involved in some scandal, and despite his occasional innocence, the world star is conceited and brash. He bullies Sul Woo, who panders to his every whim. Meanwhile, Sul Woo is preparing for his secret mission. Unfortunately, he also has to deal with Cha Do Ha, Woon Guang's manager, who used to be the head of his fan club and is enamored with the celebrity. She is wary of Sul Woo and anxious that Woon Guang may be interested in him, so she constantly gets in Sul Woo's way. While the secret mission must be completed, the seemingly perfect bodyguard and the world star's fan manager continue to collide, and their relationship may be something Sul Woo could not have expected.(Source: JTBC)",7.8,12396,16,"['Park Hae Jin', 'Kim Min Jung', 'Park Sung Woong', 'Yeon Jung Hoon', 'Chae Jung An', 'Jung Man Shik']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,"Kim Sang Ho,  Lee Chang Min",Kim Won Seok
704,My Love Eun Dong,https://mydramalist.com/13587-my-love-eun-dong,"Romance,  Life,  Drama","First Love, Amnesia, Meet Again, Time Skip, Love Triangle, Lying, Childhood Friends' Relationship, Lovers Separated, Orphan Female Lead, Second Chance Romance ","“We were together for too short and separated for too long.” Eun Ho is an A-list South Korean actor, and for 20 years, he is searching for his first love, Eun Dong. They were teenagers when they first met, and after a brief friendship, she disappeared. Ten years later, they miraculously run into each other and start dating, but one day, Eun Dong doesn't return to meet Eun Ho as planned. Another ten years pass, and when Eun Ho is a famous star, he decides to publish a book about his love story to find Eun Dong. Meanwhile, Eun Dong becomes a writer and is living with a new name ever since she lost her memories due to the tragic accident that kept her from returning to Eun Ho. Through a mutual friend, she is hired to ghostwrite Eun Ho's book! During the process, she begins to uncover secrets that unravel the life she knows.(Source: JTBC)",7.8,4970,16,"['Joo Jin Mo', 'Kim Sa Rang', 'Kim Yoo Ri', 'Kim Tae Hoon', 'Baek Sung Hyun', 'Yoon So Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,"Lee Tae Gon,  Kim Jae Hong",Baek Mi Kyung
705,Flower Crew,https://mydramalist.com/33184-flower-crew-joseon-marriage-agency,"Historical,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Joseon Dynasty, Love Triangle, Orphan Female Lead, Strong Female Lead, Tragic Past, Multiple Mains, Hot-tempered Female Lead, Cheerful Female Lead, Flashback To Past, Tough Female Lead ","Growing up an ordinary country blacksmith, Lee Soo had no idea he would ever rule all of Joseon; but, at the age of twenty-three, that’s exactly what happened. Now as king, Lee Soo is finding it hard to adapt to the restrictions of palace life, especially where matters of the heart are concerned. Having loved Gae Ddong for as long as he can remember, he always thought she would be the one he would someday marry; but now, as king, that dream has become nothing short of impossible. As a commoner, Lee Soo has no chance of making Gae Ddong his bride but that doesn’t stop him from trying. Hiring the best matchmaking agency in Joseon, Lee Soo asks the talented Flower Crew to transform his first love into a noblewoman. Accepting the king’s request, Ma Hoon, Do Joon and Go Young Soo take Gae Ddong into their care. There’s just one problem, transformations like this aren’t easy and there’s a lot of work to do! Risking their lives to help the king, can the Flower Crew help Gae Ddong blossom into a beautiful noble flower or will this job prove to be impossible?(Source: Viki)~~ Adapted from the novel ""Flower Crew: Joseon Marriage Agency"" (조선혼담공작소 꽃파당) by Kim Yi Rang (김이랑).",7.8,5888,16,"['Kim Min Jae', 'Gong Seung Yeon', 'Seo Ji Hoon', 'Park Ji Hoon', 'Byeon Woo Seok', 'Go Won Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"jTBC,  Viki",Kim Ga Ram,Kim Yi Rang
706,The Scholar Who Walks the Night,https://mydramalist.com/11844-scholar-who-walks-the-night,"Historical,  Mystery,  Romance,  Fantasy","Interspecies Romance, Joseon Dynasty, Adapted From A Manhwa, Cross-Dressing, First Love, Village Setting, Palace Setting, Scholar Male Lead, Vampire Fiction, Vampire Male Lead ","In Joseon Dynasty, immaculately dressed in scholarly robes, the young nobleman Kim Sung Yeol lives as a vampire to keep his promise to his friends. When Sung Yeol still was a human, he found out about the vampire Gwi who sits above the King deciding the next royal line and has resurrected as a vampire trying to fight against Gwi. And now, he is living as a guardian vampire fighting against the evil vampire without losing his human nature.(Source: MBC)~~ Adapted from the manhwa ""The Scholar Who Walks the Night"" (밤을 걷는 선비) by writer Jo Joo Hee (조주희) and artist Han Seung Hee (한승희).",7.8,12922,20,"['Lee Joon Gi', 'Lee Yoo Bi', 'Shim Chang Min', 'Lee Soo Hyuk', 'Kim So Eun', 'Jang Hee Jin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Lee Sung Joon,Jang Hyun Joo
707,Stealer,https://mydramalist.com/726479-karma-seven-joseon-notices,"Action,  Adventure,  Mystery,  Comedy","Thief Male Lead, Double Identity, Stolen Artifacts, Cat And Mouse, Heist, Cultural Heritage, Police Inspector Female Lead, Police Inspector Male Lead, Government Official Male Lead, Assassin Supporting Character ","Throughout history, the treasures of an old empire have always been the best items for thievery. A professional thief called ""Skunk"" forms an unofficial cultural heritage assets redemption team called ""Team Karma"" with a group of officials to pull off a heist to retrieve the stolen assets, a mission that is informal and illegal yet righteous in a sense. In front of them is a mission of massive proportion. Buried somewhere in Korea is a large number of cultural assets worth 30 trillion won as well as spiritual beads believed to provide eternal life. Against a group with a conscienceless purpose, Team Karma’s thrill-filled retribution starts.""Skunk"", his real name Hwang Dae Myung, is no ordinary thief. Dae Myung is an official with the Cultural Heritage Administration living a double life, a pathetic civil servant by day and a daring thief by night. When the Seoul Metropolitan Police Agency’s cultural property team recovers some of the country’s missing cultural assets, both of his lives start to unravel.  (Source: Viu, ShingetsuNews, MyDramaList)",7.8,1604,12,"['Joo Won', 'Lee Joo Woo', 'Jo Han Chul', 'Kim Jae Won', 'Choi Hwa Jung', 'Lee Deok Hwa']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,"Choi Joon Bae,  Min Jung Ah",Shin Kyung Il
708,The World of My 17,https://mydramalist.com/54923-girl-s-world,"Comedy,  Life,  Youth,  Drama","Sismance, Misunderstanding, Slight Romance, Adapted From A Webtoon, High School, Shy Female Lead, Nice Female Lead, Web Series, Second Chance, Character Development ","It tells the heartfelt story of friendship and growth in high school, where friends make up the entirety of one’s world. The daily life of 17-year-old teenagers, those who are sometimes troubled by their friends but also become indispensable friends.Oh Na Ri is a high school freshman who feels confident after she successfully lost weight. However, her self-esteem is lowered by the pretty girls she meets named Im Yoo Na, Im Sun Ji, and Seo Mi Rae. Although she dreams of normal school life, she is met with numerous trials.Im Yoo Na is Na Ri’s childhood friend and a classy girl. She is not lacking in any aspect, whether it’s her appearance or her family background. However, she grows exhausted from the fake people around her. She only considers Na Ri as her one true friend.Im Sun Ji appears innocent in appearance but is in the front to stand up for Na Ri when she faces trouble. Seo Mi Rae is a popular girl among the students. Although she is busy as an idol trainee, she becomes curious about Na Ri after realizing how much Yoo Na admires her.(Source: Soompi, OSEN, Allkpop)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Odd Girl Out"" by Morangg.",7.8,3426,12,"['Arin', 'Hwang Bo Reum Byeol', 'Kim Do Ah', 'Han Chae Kyung', 'Ryeoun', 'Kwon Hyun Bin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Choi Sun Mi,Yoon Shi So
709,Sisyphus,https://mydramalist.com/43827-sisyphus-the-myth,"Action,  Thriller,  Mystery,  Sci-Fi","Time Travel, Rich Male Lead, Slight Romance, Sassy Female Lead, Future, Pre-produced, Strong Female Lead, Investigation, Suspense, Dystopia ","An unfathomable incident introduces a genius engineer to dangerous secrets of the world — and to a woman from the future who's come looking for him.Han Tae Sul, a co-founder of Quantum and Time, is a genius engineer with the highest level of coding skills and outstanding looks that outweighs his engineer fashion sense. Due to his innovative achievements, Quantum and Time is a world-class company, dubbed as ""The Miracle of South Korea's Engineering Industry."" In reality, Tae Sul has constantly caused his company's stocks to fluctuate after his brother's death ten years ago. One day, he witnesses something unbelievable. To reach the truth, he sets off on a dangerous journey.Kang Seo Hae is a survivor of a future dystopian world. With the survival skills that she's learned from living amongst gangsters and warlords, she travels back to save Han Tae Sul. (Source: Netflix, Newsen)",7.8,13038,16,"['Cho Seung Woo', 'Park Shin Hye', 'Kim Byung Chul', 'Sung Dong Il', 'Tae In Ho', 'Chae Jong Hyeop']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"jTBC,  Netflix",Jin Hyeok,"Jeon Chan Ho,  Lee Je In"
710,Heaven's Garden,https://mydramalist.com/3186-heavens-garden,"Life,  Drama,  Family","Farm Setting, Father-Daughter Relationship, Mother-Daughter Relationship ","A drama that shines an optimistic light on resentment, pain, and reconciliation within a family on a beautiful, but isolated mountainside in Kangwon Province.Jung Jae In and her husband separated after his business went bankrupt. She has no other option, but to move back to her  hometown in the countryside with her two daughters and live with her father. [KoreanDramaOrg]",7.8,295,30,"['Choi Bool Am', 'Yoo Ho Jung', 'Kim Myung Kook', 'Uhm Hyun Kyung', 'Sa Kang', 'Jeon Won Joo']",Not Yet Rated,Channel A,Unknown,Park Jung Hwa
711,Perfume,https://mydramalist.com/33185-perfume,"Comedy,  Romance,  Melodrama,  Supernatural","Transformation, Phobia, Eccentric Male Lead, Double Identity, Second Chance, Clingy Male Lead, Modeling, Cold Man/Warm Woman, Love Square, Boss-Employee Relationship ","Seo Yi Do is a top designer. Although he appears to be the perfect man on the outside, his personality leaves something to be desired. On top of that, he has about 52 phobias and 35 allergies. Min Jae Hee is a middle-aged housewife, who has devoted her life to her family only to see it fall apart before her eyes.She discovers a miracle perfume that makes her look young again. After recovering her youth, she ends up walking the runway in one of Seo Yi Do’s fashion shows and signs with a top modeling agency to become a celebrity.Both of them get a second chance at romance in what is described as a fantasy romantic comedy.(Source: Soompi)",7.8,5313,32,"['Shin Sung Rok', 'Go Won Hee', 'Ha Jae Sook', 'Cha Ye Ryun', 'Kim Min Gue', 'Kim Jin Kyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Kim Sang Hwi,Choi Hyun Ok
712,Like,https://mydramalist.com/48477-like,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth","High School, Friendship, Web Series, Love Triangle, Break Up, Friends To Lovers, Student Supporting Character, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting ","So Yoon together with her friends decided to create a club on YouTube “Like”, where they can find out what they like, dream and show their talents. In the process of creating content, they experience a variety of feelings and emotions, from the joy of creativity to love, friendship and rivalry.Seo Yoon is 18 years old and has long been in love with Jihu, although he has a girlfriend. One day, Seo Yoon found a gift on her desk and is now trying to find out who it was, hoping deep down that it was Ji Hoo, and rumored to have broken up with his girlfriend.(Source: doramafox.ru)",7.8,1063,24,"['Kim Yu An', 'Kim Kang Min', 'Seo Ji Hye', 'Yoo Jung Woo', 'Choi Min Kyu', 'Cho Ji An']",Not Yet Rated,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Unknown,Unknown
713,Mother of Mine,https://mydramalist.com/32274-my-daughter-is-the-kindest,"Business,  Romance,  Life,  Melodrama","Family Relationship, Mother-Daughter Relationship, Writer Female Lead, Older Man/Younger Woman, Rich Male Lead, Marriage, Smart Male Lead, Co-workers' Relationship, Workplace Setting, Office Worker Female Lead ","This drama is about a story of a mother and three daughters living in modern-day Korean society. The drama conveys a message about the low fertility rate, divorce rate, and the problems of the younger generation who are avoiding marriage.While running a small beef soup restaurant, Park Sun Ja raised her three daughters Mi Sun, Mi Ri and Mi Hye alone. She still runs the restaurant to this day and her three daughters are now all grown up. Sun Ja's first daughter Mi Sun is married and she has a daughter. Mi Sun is busy working and taking care of her family. Second daughter Mi Ri cares about her mother a lot. She is confident in herself and good at her job. Mi Ri gets involved in a romantic relationship with her co-worker Tae Joo. He is the youngest son of the family that owns the company. The youngest daughter is Mi Hye. She used to be a promising novelist, but she is not any more. She helps her mother at the restaurant.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.8,1040,108,"['Kim Hae Sook', 'Kim So Yeon', 'Yoo  Sun', 'Kim Ha Kyung', 'Hong Jong Hyun', 'Ki Tae Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Kim Jong Chang,Jo Jung Seon
714,Seventeen,https://mydramalist.com/23953-seventeen,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth","Multiple Mains, Web Series, Multiple Couples, Miniseries, High School, Short Length Series, Friendship, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting ","At seventeen, we were all newbies at love. These are innocent and reckless high school love stories that we dare not think of doing now.",7.8,2982,8,"['Yoo Hye In', 'Kim Do Wan', 'Kang Yul', 'Shin Joo Hyup', 'Kim Doo Ri']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
715,Short,https://mydramalist.com/26779-short,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Sports","Miniseries, Short Track Speed Skating, Competition, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Athlete Supporting Character, Athlete Male Lead, Young Adult Male Lead, Grandpa-Grandson Relationship, Winter Sport ","Kang Ho Young is a short track speed skater. He learned how to skate at a small skating rink in the countryside. He was scouted by Kangbaek University which is famous for short track speed skating. There, he meets Park Eun Ho who is known as  ""The King of Short Track Speed Skating."" Park Eun Ho is the only child from a prestigious family in sports, but  has been in a slump. Kang Ho Young and Park Eun Ho compete against each other and form a friendship. They both love Yoo Ji Na who is auditioning to become a member of a girl group.",7.8,1018,4,"['Kang Tae Oh', 'Yeo Hoe Hyun', 'Kim Do Yeon', 'Noh Jong Hyun', 'Park So Eun', 'Yoo Ha Joon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"OCN,  Viki",Kim Young Min,Kim Jung Ae
716,Dear My Name,https://mydramalist.com/46631-to-my-name,"Comedy,  Romance,  Fantasy","Soulmates, Misunderstanding, Miniseries, Web Series, Fated Love, Cohabitation, Love Triangle, Tomboy Female Lead, Secret Crush, University ","In an alternate world, the name of one's soulmate is magically engraved on a person's body and is naturally drawn into finding each other. However, there are also those who are ""unnamed"" with the freedom to find their own soulmate on their own.Jung Ji Woo became ""named"" during middle school but years passed and she still has not met her soulmate she only knew by name. Yang Sae Rom is Jung Ji Woo's best friend and she's ""unnamed"". She has been dating trying to find her own soulmate.Will they ever find their soulmates? Is being ""named"" a guarantee of loving someone or is being ""unnamed"" and going through the process of dating better?(Source: YourOnlyOne at MyDramaList)",7.8,2261,6,"['Gongchan', 'Song Yoo Jung', 'Kim Do Geon', 'Han Chae Kyung', 'Baek Jae Woo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive","Kim Soo Jung,  Joo Sung Min",Unknown
717,The Village,https://mydramalist.com/15353-the-village-achiaras-secret,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Horror,  Supernatural","Murder, Ghost-seeing Female Lead, Cross-Dressing, Investigation, Birth Secret, Strong Female Lead, Suspense, Middle School, School Setting, Neurodevelopmental Disorder ","Achiara is a small, quiet, peaceful village with hardly any crime. But on her first day of school there, English teacher Han So Yoon discovers a buried corpse. As the townspeople speculate on the identity of the dead person and the reason she was killed, So Yoon and Police Officer Woo Jae attempt to find the truth. As they get closer, the ugliness of the village is revealed.",7.8,4880,16,"['Moon Geun Young', 'Yook Sung Jae', 'Shin Eun Kyung', 'Ohn Joo Wan', 'Jang Hee Jin', 'Park Eun Seok']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Lee Yong Seok,Do Hyun Jung
718,A Man's Story,https://mydramalist.com/205-a-mans-story,"Action,  Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Rivalry, Revenge, Antihero Male Lead, Prison Setting, Morally Ambiguous Male Lead, Teamwork, Smart Female Lead, Smart Male Lead ","In the blink of an eye, Kim Shin loses everything dear to him. His father's company goes bankrupt, his brother commits suicide, his girlfriend leaves him, and he himself ends up in jail for a crime he didn't commit. While in prison, Shin learns that all of this was brought about by corporation head Chae Do Woo, who devised the scam that brought down his father.Determined to beat Do Woo at his own game, Shin sets out to get revenge, no matter the cost. More and more people are pulled into the unforgiving battle of wits as stakes are raised, secrets are revealed, and love turns into a weapon.",7.8,1016,20,"['Park Yong Ha', 'Kim Kang Woo', 'Park Shi Yeon', 'Ahn Mi Na', 'Uhm Hyo Sub', 'Kim Roe Ha']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Yoon Sung Shik,Song Ji Na
719,The King in Love,https://mydramalist.com/20402-the-king-in-love,"Historical,  Romance,  Drama,  Political","Goryeo Dynasty, Love Triangle, Bromance, Chungseon, Strong Female Lead, First Love, Strong Male Lead, Prince Male Lead, Ruthless Male Lead, Smart Male Lead ","Wang Won’s father is the king of Goryeo while his mother is the Yuan emperor’s daughter. He was born with many gifts as he has good looks, the wisdom of a snake, and a magnetic personality that draws people to him. But behind his gentle, virtuous demeanor, he has ambitions to conquer other lands. He has a faithful friend named Rin, who is a royal cousin and comrade with the same ambitions as he does. Then Wang Won has an encounter with a young woman named, San. San was someone that he recalled having met when he was a child and was lodged in his mind ever since. Wang Won sees how bright and confident San is and befriends her as well. But this friendship plants the seeds of tragedy. San’s beauty mesmerizes both Won and Rin and their seemingly strong bond start to fray over one woman…(Source: MBC America) ~~ Adapted from the novel of the same name by Kim Yi Ryung.",7.8,4331,40,"['Yim Si Wan', 'Im Yoon Ah', 'Hong Jong Hyun', 'Kim Byung Chun', 'Park Hwan Hee', 'Oh Min Suk']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"MBC,  Viki","Kim Sang Hyub,  Kim Sang Woo",Song Ji Na
720,My Only Love Song,https://mydramalist.com/20396-my-only-love-song,"Historical,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Time Travel, Goguryeo Dynasty, Fate, Sassy Female Lead, Love/Hate Relationship, Soulmates, Steamy Kiss, First Love, Princess Supporting Character, Historical Fiction ","Song Soo Jung is a top star and she is very arrogant. She classifies people by how much money they have. Suddenly, she goes back in time to the Goguryeo era and meets On Dal. He will do anything to make money, but in fact he is generous to the weak and poor.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.8,10470,20,"['Gong Seung Yeon', 'Lee  Jong Hyun', 'Jin Ye Ju', 'Ahn Bo Hyun', 'Lee Jae Jin', 'Lee Chul Min']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Netflix,Min Doo Shik,Kim Soo Jin
721,Sign,https://mydramalist.com/202-sign,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Romance,  Medical","Forensic Medical Examiner Male Lead, Investigator Male Lead, Cheerful Female Lead, Forensic Science, Mean Male Lead, Investigation, Suspense ","Go Da Kyung is an eager rookie investigator who gets paired with the famous forensic doctor, Yoon Ji Hoon. They initially clash due to their different styles of investigation as well as their opposing personalities - Da Kyung's energetic nature is a source of irritation for the prickly Ji Hoon - but later develop a complex relationship as the two strive to uncover the truth through science.",7.8,829,20,"['Park Shin Yang', 'Uhm Ji Won', 'Jeon Kwang Ryul', 'Kim Ah Joong', 'Jung Gyu Woon', 'Hwang Sun Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Kim Young Min,  Kim Hyung Shik",Kim Eun Hee
722,The King of Dramas,https://mydramalist.com/4996-the-king-of-dramas,"Business,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Entertainment Industry, Parody, Antihero Male Lead, Arrogant Male Lead, Cold Male Lead, Older Man/Younger Woman, Strong Female Lead, Melodrama ","Anthony Kim, a brilliant CEO of a drama production company who will do anything and everything for the sake of money, fame and success. He is known to possess the Midas touch as he has created blockbuster dramas and Hallyu stars. When a death on the set precipitates his fall from grace, Anthony attempts to regain his former status by putting the drama ""The Morning of Keijo"" on air. And to accomplish that, he needs the help of idealistic Lee Go Eun, who dreams of becoming a top writer someday, and the handsome but egoistic actor Kang Hyun Min.",7.8,4887,18,"['Kim Myung Min', 'Jung Ryeo Won', 'Oh Ji Eun', 'Choi Si Won', 'Jung Han Hun', 'Jeon Moo Song']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Hong Sung Chang,"Jang Hang Joon,  Lee Ji Hyo"
723,Homemade Love Story,https://mydramalist.com/58203-samgwang-villa-lovers,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Multiple Mains, Family Conflict, Multiple Couples, Brother-Sister Relationship, Hot-tempered Female Lead, Mother-Daughter Relationship, Boarding House Setting, Housemates' Relationship, Workplace Setting, Interior Designer Female Lead ","Three families live under one roof at a boarding house called Samkwang Villa. Soon Jung's family lives a pure and simple life and doesn't have a lot of money. Jung Ho's family is rich but is far from peaceful. Jung Won's family looks perfect from the outside but is actually quite rocky. Others join these families at Samgwang Villa, each with their own stories. What is the meaning of family in this day and age, with so many single-person households and people choosing not to get married? Let's meet the people who open their hearts to one another to live and love as a family in Homemade Love Story.(Source: Viki)",7.8,1173,100,"['Jin Ki Joo', 'Lee Jang Woo', 'Jeon In Hwa', 'Jeong Bo Seok', 'Hwang Shin Hye', 'Jin Kyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Hong Seok Goo,Yoon Kyung Ah
724,A Love So Beautiful,https://mydramalist.com/63483-a-love-so-beautiful,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Youth","Unrequited Love, First Love, Doctor Male Lead, Height Difference, Bright Female Lead, Female Chases Male First, Love Triangle, Smart Male Lead, High School, Cold Man/Warm Woman ","Cha Heon is a student at Chun Ji High School who has both good looks and brains. He appears to be a cold character, but he is actually someone with a warm heart who can't express himself well.Shin Sol Yi is a bright and bubbly 17-year-old who has a crush on Cha Heon. She openly confesses her love to Cha Heon constantly. She is a clumsy but lovable character.Woo Dae Sung is a talented swimmer who transfers to Chun Ji High School and falls for Shin Sol Yi. He hides his feelings for her and quietly stays by her side.(Source: Soompi)~~ Adapted from the web novel ""A Love So Beautiful"" (致我们单纯的小美好) by Zhao Qian Qian (赵乾乾).",7.8,17290,24,"['Kim Yo Han', 'So Ju Yeon', 'Yeo Hoe Hyun', 'Jo Hye Joo', 'Jung Jae Oh', 'Kim Dong Kyu']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,"Daum Kakao TV,  Netflix",Unknown,Jang Yoo Yeon
725,Emperor of the Sea,https://mydramalist.com/1073-emperor-of-the-sea,"Action,  Historical,  Drama,  War","Sword-fight, Silla Dynasty, Historical Fiction, Strong Female Lead, Melodrama ","Jang Bo Go was a slave from Shilla (a Korean dynasty that lasted from 57 B.C. until 935 A.D.) He was sold in China during the Tang Dynasty, where he was trained as a gladiator-slave. Through hard work and perseverance, he made it back to Shilla and became a successful sea merchant. The sea passage at the time was plagued by pirates and Jang Bo Go went head to head with them in battles and managed to keep the pirates at bay. This epic drama tells the story of a historical figure blending it with intrigue and battle of wit to make it into a successful drama of all times.",7.7,890,51,"['Choi Soo Jong', 'Song Il Gook', 'Park Soo Ae', 'Chae Shi Ra', 'Kim Heung Soo', 'Chae Jung An']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Kang Il Soo,  Kang Byeong Taek",Hwang Joo Ha
726,"Not Alright, But It's Alright",https://mydramalist.com/29237-not-all-right-but-it-s-alright,"Life,  Drama","Contract Employee Female Lead, Co-workers' Relationship, Workplace Setting, Office Worker Female Lead, Office Worker Male Lead, Hardship, Miniseries, Web Series ","Ji Ahn is a new contract employee at an advertising company. What challenges await her there and how or if she overcomes it is the backdrop of the story.The real story of adulting!“Not All Right, But It’s Alright” for struggling youths.(Source: Playlist Global)",7.8,530,10,"['So Ju Yeon', 'Kim Han Na', 'Song Geon Hee', 'Kim Min Ha', 'Jeong Ui Seong', 'Kim Min Seok']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Unknown,Unknown
727,Dr. Park’s Clinic,https://mydramalist.com/708387-park-won-jang-of-internal-medicine,"Comedy,  Medical","Married Female Lead, Married Male Lead, Nurse Supporting Character, Doctor Supporting Character, Doctor Male Lead, Web Series, Adapted From A Webtoon ","Dr. Park Won Jang recently opened his own internal medicine clinic. His goal is to become acknowledged as a skilled physician and make a lot of money in the process. He thought that if he opened his own clinic, the money would soon roll in. Reality is a little different for Park Won Jang. His clinic receives very few patients and it is teetering on insolvency. He struggles to save his clinic. Making things worse, he also suffers from hair loss. Meanwhile, Park Won Jang is married to Sa Mo Rim. His wife trusts the advice of medical TV programs more than her husband.(Source: AsianWiki)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Internal Medicine Physician Park Won Jang"" (내과 박원장) by Jang Bong Soo (장봉수).",7.7,399,12,"['Lee Seo Jin', 'Ra Mi Ran', 'Cha Chung Hwa', 'Shin Eun Jung', 'Kim Kwang Gyu', 'Jung Hyung Suk']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,TVING,Seo Joon Bum,Unknown
728,"Beautiful Love, Wonderful Life",https://mydramalist.com/38355-beautiful-love-wonderful-life,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Family Relationship, Hateful Mother-in-Law, Mother-Daughter Relationship, Marriage Of Convenience, Multiple Mains, Multiple Couples, Time Skip, Evil Mother-in-Law, Clingy Male Lead, Unrequited Love ","Life is hard, but finding love and happiness can seem nearly impossible. That’s why some, like Kim Seol Ah have decided to focus on a career, rather than waste time and energy on relationships that inevitably end in disaster. A successful career woman, Seol Ah seems to have it all together on the outside, but on the inside, she still longs for the one thing that will make her truly happy.But Seol Ah isn’t the only one struggling. The eldest son of his family, Moon Tae Rang, is a young chef struggling to support the people he loves most while attempting to follow his dreams. He sincerely loves his family, but they have a way of making life difficult at times.Kim Chung Ah knows all about difficulties. Having spent the past eight years studying for the civil service exam, she has given up on any hopes of dating and marriage. As much as she would love to get married and have a family someday, the only thing she has time to think about now is working hard so she can pass the upcoming exam.On the other end of the spectrum, Goo Joon Hwi has absolutely no interest in marriage, relationships, or other people’s affairs. Completely focused on himself and his work, Joon Hwi could happily spend the rest of his life alone, or so he thought...Setting out on an unexpected journey towards love, four souls find that love and happiness often show up in life when you least expect them.(Source: Viki)",7.7,2281,100,"['Seol In Ah', 'Kim Jae Young', 'Jo Yoon Hee', 'Yoon Park', 'Oh Min Suk', 'Jo Woo Ri']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,KBS2,Han Joon Seo,Bae Yoo Mi
729,Single & Ready to Mingle,https://mydramalist.com/63731-melo-not-solo,"Comedy,  Romance,  Sitcom","Friendship, Web Series, Multiple Mains, First Love, Share House Setting, Fan Female Lead, Housemates' Relationship, Best Friends' Relationship, Short Length Series, Awkward Male Lead ","Bong Joo Yi and Ji Yeon Seo are best friends who have been single all their lives. Things take a different turn when they share a house with three men, resulting in a chaotic daily life and the anticipation of a possible ""first love"".(Source: Allkpop)",7.7,1788,8,"['Choi Yoo Jung', 'Kim Do Yeon', 'Jung Hyo Jun', 'Kim Min Chul', 'Moon Ji Hoo', 'Lee So Yul']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Unknown,Kang Dong Hee
730,Jang Young Shil,https://mydramalist.com/15128-jang-young-shil,"Historical,  Drama","King Male Lead, Historical Figure, Joseon Dynasty, Sejong The Great, Royalty, Biographical, Historical Fiction ","The drama series follows the life of Jang Yeong Shil: a scientist, technician and inventor during the Joseon period. Jang Yeong Shil was born in the lower class nobi. King Se Jong notices his abilities and brings him to the palace. King Se Jong grants him a chance to display his abilities. He invents tools like astronomical instruments, an iron printing press and a water clock.",7.7,398,24,"['Song Il Gook', 'Lee Ji Hoon', 'Kim Sang Kyung', 'Kim Yeong Cheol', 'Jung Yoon Suk', 'Park Sun Young']",Not Yet Rated,KBS1,Kim Young Jo,Lee Myung Hee
731,Delayed Justice,https://mydramalist.com/61331-delayed-justice,"Mystery,  Comedy,  Law,  Melodrama","Empathic Male Lead, Righteous Male Lead, Hot-Tempered Male Lead, Adapted From A Novel, Corrupt Legal System, Fight For Justice, Smart Male Lead, Reporter Male Lead, Lawyer Male Lead, Warm Male Lead ","Park Tae Yong and Park Sam Soo fight for judicial victims who are falsely accused.Park Tae Yong, a public defender, was born as the son of an undertaker on an island. He did not take the typical route to become a lawyer. After graduating from high school, he did not go to a university. He later passed the bar exam and became a lawyer. He is full of justice and has empathy for others. He will defend all kinds of petty offenders. A turning point occurs in his legal career when he becomes the first attorney to win a general criminal retrial case.Park Sam Soo is a reporter. After he graduated from the university, he worked as a non-permanent employee. Thanks to his excellent writing skills, he became a reporter. He looks for stories which are ignored or passed over by other reporters. He is soft-hearted and easily moved to tears. Though his work does not bring him financial stability, his writings are able to deeply move the hearts of readers, some of whom volunteer their own resources and skills to support his journalism. Working with Sam Soo is Lee Yoo Kyung, who, despite a silver-spoon upbringing, is a brave, justice-seeking rookie whose first scoop is Tae Yong's victorious retrial case. Seeing Tae Yong's courtroom performance, Yoo Kyung is, like Sam Soo, struck by his passion, empathy, and drive to bring justice to the victim.(Source: AsianWiki; MyDramaList)~~ Adapted from the book.",7.7,535,20,"['Kwon Sang Woo', 'Bae Sung Woo', 'Jung Woo Sung', 'Kim Joo Hyun', 'Jung Woong In', 'Kim Eung Soo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Kwak Jung Hwan,Park Sang Gyu
732,The Royal Gambler,https://mydramalist.com/16475-the-royal-gambler,"Action,  Historical,  Comedy,  Drama","Historical Fiction, Royalty, Gambling, Family Secret, Joseon Dynasty, Bromance, Family, Friendship ","Baek Dae Gil and King Yeong Jo enter a match. Baek Dae Gil bets his life and King Yeong Jo bets the entire Kingdom of Joseon on the outcome. Baek Dae Gil is the best gambler in the Joseon era. He holds deep resentment inside but is also cool on the exterior. King Yeong Jo is a man who never lowers his head without a convincing reason. Meanwhile, Dam Seo exists solely to take revenge upon the king.",7.7,2605,24,"['Jang Geun Suk', 'Yeo Jin Goo', 'Jeon Kwang Ryul', 'Choi Min Soo', 'Im Ji Yeon', 'Yoon Jin Seo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Nam Gun,Kwon Soon Gyu
733,Save the Last Dance for Me,https://mydramalist.com/1074-save-the-last-dance-for-me,"Romance,  Drama","Amnesia, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Kind Female Lead, Time Skip, Love Square, Rich Male Lead, Hardworking Female Lead, Second Chance Romance, Unrequited Love, Workplace Setting ","Eun Soo is a pure but unsophisticated woman who runs a small resort inn with her father. Eun Soo is just an ordinary girl, but her life changes when she meets a man who's completely lost his memory. She takes him in and cares for him, and even gives him a name: ""Baek Chang Ho"". Love blossoms, and soon wedding bells can be heard. But on the night of their wedding ceremony, Eun Soo's father passes away. And soon after, Chang Ho disappears too! In the blink of an eye, the two people Eun Soo loves most in the world have left her. But Chang Ho had his reasons for disappearing: his real name is Kang Hyun Woo, and he's heir to a large conglomerate. Even more, someone is plotting to kill him.",7.7,2279,20,"['Ji Sung', 'Eugene', 'Ryu Soo Young', 'Lee Bo Young', 'Lee Hye Young', 'Kim Moo Saeng']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Lee Seung Ryul,"Jo Yoon Young,  Ma Jin Won"
734,Legendary Witch,https://mydramalist.com/11176-legendary-witch,"Food,  Romance,  Drama,  Family","Hardworking Female Lead, Wrongfully Accused, Corruption, Cohabitation, Poor Female Lead, Prison Setting, Manager Supporting Character, Student-Teacher Relationship ","Soo In, Bok Nyeo, Pung Geum, and Mi Oh, are four female prisoners at a correctional facility who have been victims of a miscarriage of justice in different cases, which later turn out to have a common thread intertwined. They team up to challenge a big conglomerate in order to exact revenge. These four women forge a bond based on their common grievances and lean on each other for support. Though they are not related, they become a family of sisters.(Source: MBC)",7.7,1194,40,"['Han Ji Hye', 'Ha Seok Jin', 'Go Doo Shim', 'Oh Hyun Kyung', 'Ha Yeon Soo', 'Byun Jung Soo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Joo Sung Woo,Goo Hyun Sook
735,Romanced,https://mydramalist.com/703997-romanced,"Mystery,  Romance","School Setting, Theater Setting, Short Length Series, University, Steamy Kiss, Secret Relationship, Jealousy, Miniseries, Web Series, Student ",A quirky and provocative secret romance set in the theatre. A play based on a revenge plot is in progress with both leads keeping their true identities under wraps. (Source: KoreaDaily.com),7.7,1191,8,"['Kim Jae Won', 'Kim Ye Eun', 'Choi Si Hun', 'Kwak Ye Heon', 'Son Jung Hun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
736,The Chaser,https://mydramalist.com/4244-the-chaser-2012,"Action,  Thriller,  Mystery","Investigation, Detective, Reporter Supporting Character, Conspiracy, Corruption, Suspense ","Detective Baek Hong-Suk lost his 15-year-old daughter in a car accident and his wife died from shock shortly afterwards. Detective Baek Hong-Suk then searches for the truth related to his daughter's death and learns that her death is tied into a conspiracy. Reporter Seo Ji-Won is the owner's daughter of a large corporation. She helps Detective Baek Hong-Suk to uncover the truth on his daughter's death. While covering the story, she finds out that her brother-in-law, a top presidential candidate, is involved in corruption. Reporter Seo Ji-Won comes into conflict between her family and the truth.",7.7,472,16,"['Son Hyun Joo', 'Kim Sang Joong', 'Kim Sung Ryung', 'Go Joon Hee', 'Ryu Seung Soo', 'Park  Hyo Joo']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,"Jo Young Kwang,  Jin Hyeok,  Jo Nam Gook",Park Kyung Soo
737,Payback,https://mydramalist.com/730185-the-law,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Business,  Drama","Uncle-Nephew Relationship, Finance Industry, Fight For Justice, Corruption, Money-Obsession, Revenge, Rich Male Lead, Former Prosecutor Female Lead, Co-workers' Relationship, Workplace Setting ","“Payback” follows the revenge story of a group of people—including Eun Yong, a money trader—who refuses to remain silent in the face of unjust authorities and fight against a cartel conspiring with the law. (Source: nme.com; edited by MyDramaList)",7.7,1074,12,"['Lee Sun Kyun', 'Moon Chae Won', 'Kang Yoo Seok', 'Park Hoon', 'Kim Hong Pa', 'Lee Gi Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Amazon Prime,  SBS",Lee Won Tae,Kim Won Seok
738,Band of Sisters,https://mydramalist.com/22550-band-of-sisters,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Best Friends' Relationship, Female Centered Plot, Long Lost Child, Soap Opera, Multiple Mains, Infidelity, Death, Revenge, Family, Friendship ","Kang Ha Ri, with her bright personality, works part-time at a stationery store and a nail shop. Min Deul Re was a popular actress, but she isn't so popular these days. Kim Eun Hyang worked as a secretary prior to the birth of her daughter, but she now focuses on raising her daughter.These three women lose their most loved ones around the same time. Even though they are not related, they rely on each other to get through the tough times.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.7,550,68,"['Kim Joo Hyun', 'Jang Seo Hee', 'Oh Yoon Ah', 'Kim Da Som', 'Lee Ji Hoon', 'Jo Yoon Woo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Choi Young Hoon,Kim Soon Ok
739,Flower Ever After,https://mydramalist.com/27404-flower-ever-after,"Romance,  Life,  Youth","Miniseries, Web Series, Short Length Series, Multiple Mains, Multiple Couples, Nice Male Lead, Marriage, Friendship ",A realistic drama that reflects on dating and marriage produced by PlayList Global.,7.7,1349,10,"['Kang Hoon', 'Lee Ho Jung', 'Jung Gun Joo', 'Choi Hee Jin', 'Ahn Shi Eun', 'Lee Yoo Jin']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,"Naver TV Cast,  Oksusu",Unknown,Lee Seul
740,Hong Gil Dong,https://mydramalist.com/119-hong-gil-dong-2008,"Action,  Historical,  Comedy,  Romance","Strong Male Lead, Smart Male Lead, Joseon Dynasty, Love Triangle, Power Struggle, Hong Gil Dong, Historical Figure, Historical Fiction, Drama ","Hong Gil Dong was the illegitimate son of a high ranked minister. A local monk took him under his wing and taught him martial arts. Hong Gil Dong was inspired to fight for the injustice in this society that divided people into nobles and ordinary citizens whereby the former enjoyed all the privileges due solely to their birth.The heroine, Heo Yi Nok, had just returned to Korea from China with her grandfather. They made their living by putting on shows and selling their special brand of medicine in the marketplace.Lee Chang Hwi had been told since he was young that he was the rightful heir to the throne which had been usurped by his half brother. He had also returned from his exile in China and was plotting to overthrow the emperor.The three got entangled in love, hate, loyalty and betrayal and only one side can win.~~ Adapted from a novel about Hong Gil Dong.",7.7,4144,24,"['Kang Ji Hwan', 'Sung Yoo Ri', 'Jang Geun Suk', 'Kim Ri Na', 'Gil Yong Woo', 'Park Sang Wook']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Lee Jung Sub,"Hong Jung Eun,  Hong Mi Ran"
741,Oh My Baby,https://mydramalist.com/52839-oh-my-baby,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Medical","Hardworking Female Lead, Motherhood, Reverse-Harem, Strong Female Lead, Female Infertility, Pregnancy, Family Relationship, Mother-Daughter Relationship, Single Father, Childcare ","Aged 39, Jang Ha Ri is the ultimate workaholic. She hasn’t even had a boyfriend in the past decade, long ago decided to forget about looking for love, and instead has thrown her energy into her career.However, as she works as a senior reporter for a parenting magazine named “The Baby,” she is constantly reminded of the one thing she wants most in life – to have a baby of her own.She decides to cut to the chase and try for a baby but wants to skip one key stage – and resolves not to marry.But as she turns her mind to single parenthood, she suddenly realizes that she is surrounded by admirers: freelance photographer Han Yi Sang, super-smart pediatrician Yoon Jae Young, and the office newbie, the doting Choi Kang Eu Ddeum. Could any of these three love candidates help Jang Ha Ri in her quest to become a mother? And could her quest inadvertently send her on the path to true love?(Source: Viki)",7.7,5124,16,"['Jang Na Ra', 'Go Jun', 'Park Byung Eun', 'Jung Gun Joo', 'Kim Hye Ok', 'Kim Jae Hwa']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Nam Ki Hoon,Yang Hyuk Moon
742,Lucky Romance,https://mydramalist.com/17213-lucky-romance,"Business,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Nice Male Lead, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Boss-Employee Relationship, First Love, Awkward Male Lead, Childhood Trauma, Love Triangle, Unlucky Female Lead, Unfortunate Female Lead, Awkward Female Lead ","When a traffic accident leaves her younger sister in a coma with little chance of survival, Shim Bo Nui turns to superstition in her desperation to save her only remaining family member. Two years later, her sister is still unconscious and pronounced to have little time left to live. When a trusted fortuneteller tells her that the only way to help her sister is to spend a night with a man born in the Year of the Tiger, Bo Nui sets out to do just that, no matter the cost.Born in the Year of the Tiger is Je Su Ho, a genius who rose to the top with his inborn skills and hard work and is now the CEO of a top gaming company. Su ho has no interest in dating and wants nothing to do with superstitions. He only believes in science and mathematics; his only love is coding.When these two get entangled with each other, is it already a recipe for disaster, or the start of an improbable romance? And what will the return of a childhood friend and a first love mean for these two?(Source: MyDramaList)~~ Adapted from the webtoon series.",7.7,12987,16,"['Hwang Jung Eum', 'Ryu Joon Yeol', 'Lee Soo Hyuk', 'Lee Chung Ah', 'Kim Ji Min', 'Kim  Sang Ho']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Kim Kyung Hee,Choi Yoon Kyo
743,The Best Ending,https://mydramalist.com/34699-the-best-ending,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Miniseries, Web Series, Wedding, Marriage, Second Chance Romance, Second Chance, Nice Male Lead, Gallery Setting, Short Length Series, Jealous Male Lead ","Choi Woong and Go Min Chae have been dating for eight years and they’ve done everything they dreamed of doing before settling down. Now just one thing is left on their list: getting married. The pair agrees to tie the knot, but there’s one big problem – they’re totally broke and can’t afford to have the kind of big, lavish ceremony most others their age have. They struggle to find the jobs they like, as Choi Woong finds a job at a high school and Go Min Chae ventures into the world of art. And things get very messy when love rivals also appear on the scene.Telling their parents (and winning parental approval for their union) also isn’t as straightforward as it seems. The pressures slowly start to mount as the wedding day approaches – and even threaten to take the ultimate toll on their relationship. Will love save the day – and get their relationship back on track just in time for the big day?(Source: Viki)",7.7,1779,8,"['Choi Hee Jin', 'Jung Gun Joo', 'Park Se Hyun', 'Kim Min Jong', 'Jeong Joon Hwa', 'Choi Kyung Hoon']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Park Dhan Hee,Kim Soo Min
744,Winter Sonata,https://mydramalist.com/298-winter-sonata,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","First Love Returns, Love Triangle, Lovers Separated, Birth Secret, Male Chases Female First, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Winter Setting, School Friends' Relationship ","Joon Sang moves to a new high school in search of his biological father. Yu Jin and Sang Hyuk are close childhood friends, although Sang Hyuk wants to be more than a friend, Yu Jin sees him as a brother. On a trip together with other high school mates, Oh Chelin, Jin Suk and Yong Kuk, Yu Jin is saved after an accident by Joon Sang. They become close and she opens up his cold heart. However, circumstances and fate dictate that their love will never be. He abruptly disappears from their lives.Ten years later, the old High School buddies gather to celebrate Yu Jin and Sang Hyuk's soon-to-be wedding. Yu Jin, who was deeply in love with Joon Sang, still has a fire in her heart for him. But at the party, Oh Chelin's new boyfriend arrives, who appears the same as Joon Sang.",7.7,4531,20,"['Bae Yong Joon', 'Choi Ji Woo', 'Park Yong Ha', 'Park Sol Mi', 'Kim Hae Sook', 'Lee Hye Eun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Yoon Seok Ho,  Lee Hyung Min","Kim Eun Hee,  Yoon Eun Kyung,  Oh Soo Yun"
745,Love in Contract,https://mydramalist.com/721517-wol-soo-geum-hwa-mok-to,"Business,  Comedy,  Romance","Love Triangle, Contract Relationship, Heir Male Lead, Marriage Of Convenience, Fake Relationship, Fake Marriage, Rich Male Lead, Actor Male Lead, Judge Male Lead, Gay Supporting Character ","Undeniably attractive, talented, and charming, Choi Sang Eun is the living definition of the perfect partner. This is exactly why instead of marrying, she chooses to employ her skills as a contract marriage master. Transforming herself into the perfect partner for each of her clients, Sang Eun allows those who employ her services to live the perfect single life, without having to agree to a committed, life-long relationship. A long-term client, Jung Ji Ho has been using Sang Eun’s services every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, for the past five years. A man shrouded in mystery, Sang Eun knows virtually nothing about Ji Ho but that doesn’t stop her from developing some rather unexpected feelings for him. Making her life even more difficult are the equally unexpected feelings she’s recently developed for one of her newest clients, Kang Hae Jin. A popular actor who employs her services on Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Saturdays, Hae Jin often makes Sang Eun’s heart flutter.Torn between her professional obligations and the feelings she harbors for both Ji Ho and Hae Jin, Sang Eun finds herself in an unexpected predicament. How can she possibly maintain her professionalism when her heart is leading her in two different directions?(Source: Viki)",7.7,12162,16,"['Park Min Young', 'Go Kyung Pyo', 'Kim Jae Young', 'Lee Joo Bin', 'Kang Hyung Suk', 'Jin Kyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"tvN,  Viki",Nam Sung Woo,Ha Gu Dam
746,The Ghost Detective,https://mydramalist.com/28622-today-s-private-investigator,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Horror,  Supernatural","Strong Female Lead, Ghost-seeing Female Lead, Tragic Past, Death Of A Sister, Investigator Male Lead, Spirit Possession, Nice Female Lead, Hardworking Female Lead, Orphan Female Lead, Teamwork ","Lee Da Il is a private investigator, who catches ghosts. He runs into a mysterious woman in red called Sunwoo Hye who appears at every crime scene. Jung Yeo Wool becomes his assistant to solve a mystery related to her younger sibling’s death. They work together to solve other mysterious crimes.",7.7,3737,32,"['Choi Daniel', 'Park Eun Bin', 'Lee Ji Ah', 'Kim Won Hae', 'Lee Jae Kyoon', 'Lee Joo Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Lee Jae Hoon,  Kang Soo Yeon",Han Ji Wan
747,Best Mistake,https://mydramalist.com/39461-best-mistake,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth,  Drama","High School, Love Triangle, Character Development, First Love, Friendship, Misunderstanding, Web Series, Nice Male Lead, Short Length Series, Fluffy ","To get a boy from her past to leave her alone, Kim Yeon Do uploads a photo of a random guy claiming him to be her boyfriend. However, she does not realize the photo she chose was of bad boy student Ji Hyun Ho. When she ends up spending more time with him to make it up, she realizes that people have a lot more to them than what she sees.(Source: MyDramaList)~~ Adapted from a mobile dating simulation game ""Best Mistake"" (일진에게 찍혔을 때) by Day7 (데이세븐).",7.7,7538,15,"['Kang Yul', 'Lee Eun Jae', 'Yoon Jun Won', 'Park E Hyun', 'Choe Chan Yi', 'Joo Hyun Young']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,vLive,Lee Yoo Yeon,Yoon Shi So
748,Let's Eat Season 3,https://mydramalist.com/24705-lets-eat-3,"Food,  Comedy,  Romance,  Life","School Setting, Insurance Industry, Neighbors' Relationship, Foodie Female Lead, Stepsisters' Relationship, Flashback To Past, Nice Female Lead, Secondary Couple, Benevolent Mother, Secret Crush ","Goo Dae Yeong has fallen into a slump in his thirties. In order to heal his wounds, he embarks on a journey to revisit the food that he loved in his twenties with former college classmate Lee Ji Woo, and the two not only share their meals but also relive their memories of the past.(Source: Wikipedia)",7.7,2174,14,"['Baek Jin Hee', 'Yoon Doo Joon', 'Ahn Woo Yeon', 'Lee Joo Woo', 'Lee Byung Hun', 'Shin Soo Hang']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,"Choi Kyu Shik,  Jung Hyung Geon",Unknown
749,Secret Love Affair,https://mydramalist.com/8929-secret-love-affair,"Music,  Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Older Woman/Younger Man, Infidelity, Rich Woman/Poor Man, Student-Teacher Relationship, Poor Male Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Workplace Politics, Deliveryman Male Lead, Pianist Male Lead ","Sun Jae is a twenty-year-old piano genius who became a delivery man without finishing high school due to his poor background. One day, he delivers a package to a classical music concert hall, and he plays the piano positioned on stage. Sun Jae is found by Hye Won, an elite art director at the Arts Foundation and wife to a piano professor. Hye Won instantly recognizes his talent and sends him to lessons under her husband to cultivate him into a leading young musician.Born to a poor family, Sun Jae had never taken formal music lessons and is overwhelmed by Hye Won’s support. Piano lessons are his salvation, and she becomes his muse. One thing leads to another, and he confesses to her, “I need you more desperately than music now.” Hye Won is deeply affected by his masculine charm and pleading eyes. Yet she cannot afford to throw away everything she has worked to build. However, it would be even worse to lose this young lover. Hye Won thinks to herself, “This is my punishment for being ignorant of my feelings and arrogant in the face of love.""(Source: JTBC)",7.7,5417,16,"['Yoo Ah In', 'Kim Hee Ae', 'Shim Hye Jin', 'Kim Chang Wan', 'Park Hyuk Kwon', 'Kyung Soo Jin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,Ahn Pan Seok,Jung Sung Joo
750,Please Don't Date Him,https://mydramalist.com/62539-please-don-t-meet-the-man,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Sci-Fi","Artificial Intelligence, Nice Male Lead, Smart Female Lead, Obsessive Ex-lover, Clingy Ex-boyfriend, Sismance, Break Off Engagement, Hidden Camera Crime, Gaslighting, Secondary Couple ","Seo Ji Seong is a programmer on the A.I. Development Team at Smart Home Appliances. While working on a refrigerator, she accidentally inserts a chip belonging to the National Intelligence Service. Instead of a program that will rate the freshness of vegetables, it will root out the undesirables from a dating pool, potentially saving people heartache. Seo Ji Seong herself wants to fall in love, but with the right man. Despair sets in when her program determines that her oh-so-perfect fiancé, Jeong Han, is not her Prince Charming after all! She meets firefighter Jung Gook Hee, who has no social media presence. This leaves Ji Seong without a shred of data for her program to analyze.  She can't help but be skeptical, not knowing a thing about Gook Hee 's past.Should Ji Seong take a leap of faith with him, even if it could mean another heartbreak for her? (Source: Soompi, HanCinema)",7.7,4274,10,"['Song  Ha Yoon', 'Lee Jun Young', 'Yoon Bo Mi', 'Gong Min Jung', 'Joo Woo Jae', 'Nam Min Woo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"MBC,  MBC every1",Oh Mi Kyung,Unknown
751,Sketch,https://mydramalist.com/26777-sketch,"Action,  Thriller,  Mystery,  Supernatural","Police Department Setting, Detective Male Lead, Clairvoyance, Brother-Sister Relationship, Teamwork, Strong Male Lead, Premonition, Fight, Death, Precognition ","Nabi Project Team is a small-scale secret group secretly operated by the National Police Agency. The group is named after the Hebrew/Arabic word ‘Nabi,’ meaning ‘Prophet,’ because they attempt to solve cases by utilizing the skills of Yoo Shi Hyun, who has the ability to sketch drawings of future crime scenes. During a criminal take-down, enthusiastic detective Kang Dong Soo comes across Shi Hyun’s sketchbook, which includes a prediction of his fiancée Min Ji Soo’s imminent death. His resulting choices indirectly causes multiple disasters, and in the process, an unusually motivated killer is born. As Nabi Project Team pursues him, they encounter an even larger presence behind him pulling the strings.(Source: JTBC)",7.7,2298,16,"['Rain', 'Lee Sun Bin', 'Lee Dong Gun', 'Jung Jin Young', 'Kang Shin Il', 'Lee Seung Joo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,"Im Tae Woo,  Jo Yong Won","Kang Hyun Sung,  Im Young Bin"
752,Mr. Heart,https://mydramalist.com/62919-mr-heart,"Romance,  Youth,  Sports","Running, LGBTQ+, Marathon, Tsundere, Miniseries, Gay Romance, Orphan Male Lead, Poor Male Lead, Competition, University ","Despite the fact that things just never seem to go his way, Sang Ha always manages to find a reason to smile. A member of the school track team, Sang Ha loves to run, but distance has never really been his thing. For Sang Ha, sprinting is what brings him the most joy. Jin Won, on the other hand, is exactly the opposite. A record breaking marathon runner in high school, Jin Won is well on his way to becoming a marathon superstar. Determined to live up to the expectations of his coaches and colleagues, Jin Won cares about one thing and one thing only: running his next race. When Jin Won finds himself struggling to maintain his record-breaking stats, his coach suggests Sang Ha step in to help as a pacemaker. Disappointed in the coach’s decision, Jin Won is anything but friendly to his new partner but with time and determination, the two runners come to find they share a similar passion, both on the track and off. As the two become closer, they begin to realize their feelings for each have taken an unexpected turn. But can they move from friend to friendlier without risking everything they’ve worked so hard to achieve?(Source: Viki)",7.7,23650,8,"['Han Se Jin', 'Cheon Seung Ho', 'Lara', 'Yoo Jang Young', 'Park Geon Rak', 'Jang Eui Soo']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Viki,Park Sun Jae,Unknown
753,Connect,https://mydramalist.com/704539-connect,"Mystery,  Horror,  Crime,  Sci-Fi","Gore, Prolonged Nudity, Songwriter Male Lead, Sculptor Male Lead, Immortal Male Lead, Office Worker Male Lead, Serial Killer Male Lead, Musician Supporting Character, Musician Male Lead, Detective Supporting Character ","A work that depicts the mysterious story of a man who has been deprived of a part of his body by organ hunters and becomes 'connected' with a person who has received an organ transplant.Ha Dong Soo is part of a new human race called connect, who has an immortal body, kidnapped by a group of human organ traffickers. His eye is cut out from him. He soon sees something and realizes the man who has his stolen eye is a serial killer. Ha Dong Soo is now able to see what the serial killer sees. He chases after the serial killer to stop him from killing more people.(Source: Wikipedia)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Connect"" by Shin Dae Sung.~~ Release dates: Oct 6, 2022 (Festival) || Dec 7, 2022 (Online)",7.7,5574,6,"['Jung Hae In', 'Go Kyung Pyo', 'Kim Hye Joon', 'Kim Roe Ha', 'Lee Tae Hyung', 'Yang Dong Geun']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),"Disney+,  Hulu",Miike Takashi,"Nakamura Masaru,  Heo Dam"
754,Stars Falling From the Sky,https://mydramalist.com/90-stars-falling-from-the-sky,"Romance,  Drama,  Family","Poor Family, Cohabitation, Death, Death Of A Mother, Death Of A Father, Love Square, Hardworking Female Lead, Nice Male Lead, Unrequited Love, Love Triangle ","The drama draws a love story between two co-workers at an insurance company, with Kim Ji Hoon playing the company's smart-as-a-whip lawyer. Because he carries the hurt of having been abandoned by his birth mother, he doesn't easily open his heart to others. Jin Pal Kang is a 25-year-old employee of the company who becomes responsible for her five younger adopted siblings after her parents meet with sudden deaths.",7.7,5187,20,"['Choi Jung Won', 'Kim Ji Hoon', 'Shin Dong Wook', 'Park Ji Bin', 'Joo Ji Won', 'Kim Yoo Ri']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Jung Hyo,Jung Ji Woo
755,My First First Love,https://mydramalist.com/30944-because-it-s-my-first-love,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Youth","Nice Male Lead, First Love, Friends To Lovers, Cohabitation, Coming Of Age, Love Triangle, Cheerful Male Lead, Poor Female Lead, Secret Crush, Sismance ","A group of Yoon Tae Oh’s friends suddenly move into his house for their own personal reasons, where they experience love, friendships, and struggles. Song I and Tae Oh have been friends since they were three years old; Choi Hoon is an aspiring theater actor; Ga Rin is an heiress to a rich family.When Song I meets another friend of Tae Oh—Do Hyeon, who acts cold to girls and works several jobs—their friendship is tested.",7.7,28681,8,"['Kim Ji Soo', 'Jung Chae Yeon', 'Jung Jin Young', 'Choi Ri', 'Kang Tae Oh', 'Hong Ji Yoon']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Netflix,Oh Jin Suk,Kim Ran
756,Judge vs. Judge,https://mydramalist.com/25676-nothing-to-lose,"Comedy,  Law,  Romance,  Drama","Slice Of Life, Slow Romance, Slow Burn Story, Bromance, Love Triangle, Criminal Justice System, Neurodevelopmental Disorder, Co-workers' Relationship, Workplace Setting, Courtroom Setting ",The story of a fiery female judge who fights to prove that her older brother is unjustly jailed on charges of rape and murder. It also explores her relationships with her fellow judges and the cases that they deal with everyday.(Source: Amazon.com)~~ Two versions available: 32 episodes (TV) || 16 episodes (online),7.7,3096,32,"['Park Eun Bin', 'Yeon Woo Jin', 'Dong Ha', 'Na Hae Ryung', 'Heo Jun Seok', 'Jung Yoo Min']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Lee Kwang Young,Seo In
757,On the Way to the Airport,https://mydramalist.com/18618-on-the-way-to-the-airport,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Airport Setting, Flight Attendant Female Lead, Second Chance Romance, Infidelity, Second Chance ","Choi Soo Ah has spent the last twelve years working as an airline assistant purser and raising a daughter alongside her pilot husband. She is content; but when she meets Seo Do Woo, her life changes. The bright and warm Seo Do Woo is a married, part-time architecture instructor who also has a daughter. He, too, is content until a shocking incident brings confusion and Choi Soo Ah into his life. What will happen when their two lives collide?",7.7,2756,16,"['Kim Ha Neul', 'Lee Sang Yoon', 'Shin Sung Rok', 'Choi Yeo Jin', 'Jang Hee Jin', 'Kim Hwan Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Kim Chul Gyu,Lee Sook Yun
758,My First First Love Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/37561-my-first-first-love-2,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Youth","Friends To Lovers, Coming Of Age, First Love, Eccentric Male Lead, Cohabitation, Bromance, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Childhood Friends' Relationship ","“My First First Love” is a romantic coming-of-age drama about love, friendships, and the dreams of five college students. The second season shows the journey of the main characters who realize what “first love” really is through the flustering and confusing feelings of love, as Han Song Yi  struggles to make a choice between her boyfriend, Seo Do Hyun, and her childhood friend, Yoon Tae Oh.",7.7,18993,8,"['Kim Ji Soo', 'Jung Chae Yeon', 'Jung Jin Young', 'Choi Ri', 'Kang Tae Oh', 'Hong Ji Yoon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Netflix,Oh Jin Suk,Kim Ran
759,Thumping Spike,https://mydramalist.com/15424-thumping-spike,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth,  Sports","Volleyball, Older Woman/Younger Man, High School, Competition, Hardworking Male Lead, Love Square, Nice Female Lead, Sports Injury, Cohabitation, Strong Female Lead ",A volleyball coach and her players aim for success during which they develop stronger bonds of friendship and teamwork. This youthful story shows sportsmanship and heart thumping romance.,7.7,5482,20,"['Song Jae Rim', 'Hwang Seung Eon', 'Lee Tae Hwan', 'Shin Hyun Soo', 'Kang Hui', 'Kim Byung Chun']",Not Yet Rated,MBN,Unknown,Choi Ji Yeon
760,New Heart,https://mydramalist.com/1163-new-heart,"Romance,  Medical","Hospital Setting, Surgeon Female Lead, Surgeon Male Lead, Doctor Female Lead, Doctor Male Lead, Heart Surgery, Older Woman/Younger Man, Nice Male Lead ","This drama is about the pride and frustration of cardiac surgeons on the job. Lee Eun Sung graduated from a newly established medical school in the southern province and not from an elite one like the Hwang Hee University Hospital where he applied for residency with the hope of becoming a great cardiac specialist. Since he wasn't a graduate of Hwang Hee U., he was looked down upon by almost everyone at the hospital. Nam Hye Suk graduated with top marks and was regarded as a star student. She was an absolute fundamentalist and proud of herself. Dr. Choi Kang Gook became the new head of the Department of Thoracic and Cardiovascular Surgery after being in exile for 5 years for getting into trouble with his former superior. He was a genius but he was also a stubborn surgeon who does not care for hospital politics. It ended up only LES and NHS were the only doctors who applied for residency and they were accepted with great reluctance after being rejected outright by Dr. CKG.Lee Dong Gwon, a famous actor, was admitted to the Hospital for arrhythmia surgery. He knew NHS from elementary school and was infatuated with her. Between him and LES, who would NHS choose?(DW)",7.7,706,23,"['Kim Min Jung', 'Ji Sung', 'Jo Jae Hyun', 'Jung Ho Geun', 'Shin Da Eun', 'Son Yeo Eun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Park Hong Kyun,Hwang Eun Kyung
761,Jugglers,https://mydramalist.com/25733-jugglers,"Business,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Eccentric Male Lead, Boss-Employee Relationship, Hardworking Female Lead, Calm Male Lead, Oblivious Male Lead, Frenemy, Smart Male Lead, Hardworking Male Lead, Successful Male Lead, Nerdy Male Lead ","In this office romantic-comedy drama, a secretary with a passive and obedient personality meets a boss who is completely uninterested in others and has no consideration for them.(Source: KBS World)",7.7,7625,16,"['Choi Daniel', 'Baek Jin Hee', 'Lee Won Keun', 'Kang Hye Jung', 'Choi Dae Chul', 'Min Jin Woong']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Kim Jung Hyun,  Kang Soo Yeon",Jo Yong
762,Doctor Detective,https://mydramalist.com/33195-doctor-detective,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Drama,  Medical","Ex-spouse Relationship, Doctor Female Lead, Doctor Male Lead, Teamwork, Corruption, Eccentric Male Lead, Strong Female Lead, Based On True Story, Investigation, Suspense ","Do Jung Eun works as an industrial health doctor. She partners with Doctor Heo Min Ki to uncover the truth related to industrial accidents, diseases and other incidents that take place at industrial sites. Do Jung Eun seeks out the truth, which the TL Group wants to cover up.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.7,592,32,"['Park Jin Hee', 'Bong Tae Kyu', 'Lee Ki Woo', 'Park Ji Young', 'Lee Young Jin', 'Ryu Hyun Kyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Park Joon Woo,Song Yoon Hee
763,Moonshine,https://mydramalist.com/687857-when-flowers-bloom-i-think-of-the-moon,"Action,  Historical,  Comedy,  Romance","Joseon Dynasty, Poor Female Lead, Strong Female Lead, King Supporting Character, Prince Male Lead, Determined Male Lead, Historical Fiction, Debt, Smart Male Lead, Hardworking Male Lead ","An extended period of prohibition in the Joseon era proved that the restriction of alcohol was no match for human desire.Laws against imbibing, buying or making alcohol created different challenges for these inhabitants: Inspector Nam Young from The Office of the Inspector-General who left his hometown to achieve fame in Hanyang and restore his family status; Kang Ro Seo, the aristocratic but impoverished lady who makes moonshine to reduce her debt, allowing her to continue buying her mother’s medication and her brother’s books; and even Crown Prince Lee Pyo, who was prone to scaling the palace walls in search of a tipple. This trio has a fateful encounter leading to the discovery of a hidden stash of alcohol. Revealing this secret would only result in certain death.(Source: Soompi)",7.7,3363,16,"['Yoo Seung Ho', 'Lee Hye Ri', 'Byeon Woo Seok', 'Kang Mi Na', 'Choi Won Young', 'Jang Gwang']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Hwang In Hyuk,Kim Joo Hee
764,Kim Soo Ro,https://mydramalist.com/660-kim-soo-ro,"Historical,  Romance","King Male Lead, Three Kingdoms Of Korea, Historical Fiction, Royalty, Power Struggle, Love Triangle ","This drama charts the life of Kim Soo Ro, legendary founder of Geumgwan Gaya, the ruling city-state of the Gaya confederacy, which dominated sea trade and iron working during the Three Kingdoms Period. Kim Soo Ro's fiery temperament, charisma and intelligence are his only defense in the extended political struggle, with competition for the throne from his half-brother and lifelong rival, Ijinashi, his former friend Suk Tal Hae, and the dangerous ambitions of Shin Kwi Gan.",7.7,764,32,"['Ji Sung', 'Seo Ji Hye', 'Kang  Byul', 'Go Joo Won', 'Bae Jong Ok', 'Yoo Oh Sung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Noh Jong Chan,  Choi Jong Soo",Unknown
765,Find Me if You Can,https://mydramalist.com/713991-find-me-if-you-can,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Romance","Web Series, Suspense, Investigation, Workplace Setting, Short Length Series, Workplace Romance, Entertainment Industry, Stalking, Reverse-Harem, Miniseries ","“Find Me If You Can” is a mystery, romance-thriller drama about a four-way love affair centering around Sun Jung, and her mission to find out who has been stalking her. Sun Jung is caught in the middle of three men confessing to her; her lively long trusted friend, Seol Yoo Hwan, the ex-boyfriend, who is trying to get back together with her, and acting star, Choi Jung Sang, who boldly pursues whatever he wants.On top of all that, Sun Jung is starting to receive a couple of suspicious messages making her question, who is the one watching her.(Source: Kpopmap.com)",7.7,654,8,"['Park Bo Yeon', 'Rocky', 'MJ', 'Han Gi Chan', 'Lee Tae Hyung', 'Min Chae Eun']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Im Jin Kang,Frantz
766,East of Eden,https://mydramalist.com/442-east-of-eden,"Romance,  Drama,  Family,  Melodrama","Brothers' Relationship, Soap Opera, Multi-Generational, Hidden Identity, Rape, Switched At Birth, Revenge, Multiple Couples, Sexual Assault, Action ","The drama will be about two men whose fates are crossed from the very first day that they were born. Both men were born in the same hospital. When he was five years old, Lee Dong Chul witnessed the death of his father. From then on he promised to seek revenge on the man who caused his father's death, Shin Tae Hwan. But unbeknownst to everybody is the fact that Dong Chul's younger brother, Dong Wook, was switched at birth with Tae Hwan's son, Myung Hun. Dong Wook grows up to become a prosecutor and vows to help his brother seek revenge. But what happens when they find out that they're not brothers? What will Dong Chul do when he finds out that his real brother was raised by Shin Tae Hwan and that the brother that was beside him all these years is the son of his enemy?",7.7,1434,56,"['Song Seung Heon', 'Lee Yun Hee', 'Park Hae Jin', 'Han Ji Hye', 'Yeon Jung Hoon', 'Lee Da Hae']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Kim Jin Man,  Ashbun","Na Yun Sook,  Lee Hong Goo"
767,Shark,https://mydramalist.com/6669-dont-look-back-the-legend-of-orpheus,"Thriller,  Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Suspense, Antihero Male Lead, Childhood Friends' Relationship, Married Female Lead, Married Male Lead, Time Skip, Smart Male Lead, Friends To Lovers, Revenge, Tragic Past ","After being left for dead and witnessing the death of his father, Han Yi Soo / Yoshimura Junichiro returns to Korea from Japan after changing his looks and identity to take revenge on the people who caused his family’s downfall. While using Jo Hae Woo, the granddaughter of the main mastermind who was his first love when they were young, he finds himself falling in love with her again. Meanwhile, Oh Joon Young is the man that Hae Woo got married to while thinking that Yi Soo had died becomes suspicious of his real identity and motives. Will Han Yi Soo be able to avenge the death of his father and expose the dirty secrets of his enemies.",7.7,3171,20,"['Kim Nam Gil', 'Son Ye Jin', 'Ha Seok Jin', 'Lee Si Eon', 'Lee Jung Gil', 'Jung In Ki']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,"Park Chan Hong,  Cha Young Hoon",Kim Ji Woo
768,Melancholia,https://mydramalist.com/695723-melancholia,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Older Woman/Younger Man, Hidden Past, Corruption, Revenge, Childhood Trauma, Scandal, Slow Burn Romance, High School, Mathematics, Age Gap [Drama Life] ","A sexual scandal between a math teacher and a student in a prestigious high school ends in tragedy. Four years later, they meet again, now both adults, to reveal the corruption in school and to regain one's reputation as a teacher.  Ji Yoon Soo is a high school math teacher with a bright smile and a positive impression of others. She is a hard-nosed and stubborn person who has to push ahead with the decisions she has made. She is a math geek who loves solving difficult problems and teaches students to purely love math.Baek Seung Yoo is emotionless and has no light in his eyes. He used to be a math genius who appeared on a quiz program at the age of five and surprised the world by solving college-level math problems. He was admitted to MIT at the age of 10 but dropped out at the age of 12, and suddenly disappeared. (Source: CJ ENM)",7.7,5523,16,"['Im Soo Jung', 'Lee Do Hyun', 'Jin Kyung', 'Choi Dae Hoon', 'Oh  Gwang Rok', 'Woo Da Vi']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Kim Sang Hyub,Kim Ji Woon
769,Scandal,https://mydramalist.com/7047-scandal,"Thriller,  Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Father-Son Relationship, Birth Secret, Kidnapping, Revenge, Suspense ","Ha Eun Joong, a detective at Gangnam Police station. He became a detective to try to understand his dad better, who was an ex-detective. However, he discovers that his father, Myung Geun, actually kidnapped him when he was a child. Myung Geun had lost his own son in a building collapse, and as revenge against the man responsible, Jang Tae Ha, he abducted Tae Ha's son and raised him as his own. In the aftermath of revenge, Eun Joong searches for the truth and becomes caught between his two fathers and the woman he loves, Woo Ah Mi.(Source: Wikipedia)",7.7,984,36,"['Kim Jae Won', 'Jo Yoon Hee', 'Jo Jae Hyun', 'Park  Sang Min', 'Ki Tae Young', 'Shin Eun Kyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Kim Jin Man,  Park Jae Bum",Bae Yoo Mi
770,Once Again,https://mydramalist.com/735755-coming-back-again,"Romance,  Supernatural","Miniseries, Gay Male Lead, Gay Romance, LGBTQ+, Time Travel, Dormitory, Childhood Trauma, Student Male Lead, Attempted Kidnapping, Death ","Shin Jae Woo is a man haunted by painful memories. He dreams of being able to somehow turn back the hands of time and change his destiny—and the destiny of Kang Ji Hoon. Back in 2007, the two young men’s paths crossed and Shin Jae Woo fell for Kang Ji Hoon—a man who he admired more than anyone else. But cruel twists of fate meant that they could not be together and Shin Jae Won has blamed himself for what happened ever since. Now, fifteen years later, Shin Jae Woo goes back to the college dormitory where Kang Ji Hoon used to live. While there, he finds an intercom receiver and picks it up—and is stunned to hear Kang Ji Hoon’s voice! He realizes that he has travelled back a decade and a half in time to 2007. Kang Ji Hoon is a student again, preparing to take the bar examination. Shin Jae Woo moves into the room next door and starts to rekindle their friendship although Kang Ji Hoon has no idea why this stranger keeps trying to get close to him... and why he keeps calling him “uncle.”(Source: Viki)",7.7,4156,8,"['Lee Hyun Jun', 'Moon Ji Yong', 'Kang Woo Jung']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Unknown,Teddy Hwang,Lee Si Bo
771,High-end Crush,https://mydramalist.com/15126-high-end-crush,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Web Series, Entertainment Industry, Love At First Sight, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Overbearing CEO, Eccentric Male Lead, Possessive Male Lead, Naive Female Lead, Male Chases Female First, First Love ","Choi Se Hoon is the head of G.Choi, a chart-topping K-pop entertainment agency with a top-billing roster of star acts. Many think he is blessed with the Midas touch, and he too believes he can make a star out of just about anyone he chooses to. He is rich and successful – but also aloof, arrogant, and conceited.One day, he meets a very unusual individual, Lee Yi Ryung, an innocent and naïve young woman from a humble and conservative countryside family. In almost every way, she is his polar opposite: shy, not brash, and humble, not self-important. He decides to recruit her to become G.Choi’s latest star, but is shocked to discover that she expresses no interest in becoming a K-pop singer.Things get even more complicated when he starts to fall for her – and discovers that winning this young woman’s heart is much harder than manufacturing K-pop success!(Source: Viki)",7.7,10432,20,"['Jung Il Woo', 'Jin Se Yeon', 'Lee Si Eon', 'Yoon Bora', 'Jung Sang Hoon', 'Moon Se Yoon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"MBN,  Naver TV Cast,  Sohu TV",Ji Young Soo,Shin Yoo Dam
772,The World of My 17 Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/708001-the-world-of-my-17-season-2,"Youth,  Drama","Student Supporting Character, Student Female Lead, School Setting, Best Friends' Relationship, Teenager Supporting Character, Teenager Female Lead, Slight Romance, Multiple Mains, Miniseries, High School ","""18 years old, will Na Ri have her first love?"" First love, dream, friendship. The world of the girls' first 18, a sweet and sour story.(Source: Naver)",7.7,1037,10,"['Choi Ye Na', 'Lee Won Jung', 'Yoo Sun Ho', 'Jihan', 'Han Chae Kyung', 'Yang Seo Hyun']",Not Yet Rated,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Unknown,Unknown
773,While You Were Sleeping,https://mydramalist.com/1606-while-you-were-sleeping,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama",Unknown,The story of the fate of two couples and two families that became entangled due to an accident of birth.,7.7,334,120,"['Oh Yoon Ah', 'Lee Young Eun', 'Choi Won Young', 'Lee Chang Hoon', 'Min Joon Hyun', 'Lee Deok Hee']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,SBS,Park Kyung Ryul,Ma Joo Hee
774,Trolley,https://mydramalist.com/724901-trolley,"Mystery,  Romance,  Melodrama,  Political","Suspense, Married Life, Sexual Abuse, Family Secret, Politician Male Lead, Hidden Past, Scandal, Thriller, Married Female Lead, Married Male Lead ","""Trolley"" will tell the story of a lawmaker's wife who hides her past. It will showcase the dilemma and struggles that couples face as their secret got revealed to the world.(Source: Naver)",7.7,1285,16,"['Kim Hyun Joo', 'Park Hee Soon', 'Kim Mu Yeol', 'Jung Soo Bin', 'Ryu Hyun Kyung', 'Ki Tae Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Netflix,  SBS",Kim Moon Kyo,Ryu Bo Ri
775,Hanging On,https://mydramalist.com/61073-don-t-lose-up-your-mind,"Comedy,  Romance,  Sitcom","Family Relationship, Multiple Mains, Brother-Sister Relationship, Miniseries, Web Series, Student, Adapted From A Webtoon ","“Hanging On” is about a family who is far from being normal. The family hustles hard every day just to survive. When they are 'hanging on' they can stay out of trouble, but it is easier said than done.(Source: JTBC Worldwide)~~ Adapted from the webtoon “Hanging On” (놓지마 정신줄) written by Shin Tae Hoon (신태훈) and illustrated by Na Seung Hoon (나승훈)",7.7,223,10,"['Jung Sang Hoon', 'Lee Hyun Yi', 'Lee Jin Hyuk', 'Lee Soo Min', 'Hong Bi Ra', 'Son Se Bin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,Oh Kwan Jin,Jung Soo Hyun
776,Autumn Tale,https://mydramalist.com/255-autumn-tale,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Switched At Birth, Forbidden Love, Tearjerker, Love Square, First Love, Terminal Illness, Riches To Rags, Fall/Autumn Setting, Artist Male Lead, Brother-Sister Relationship ","Yoon Joon Suh and Yoon Eun Suh grew up as siblings but Eun Suh was in fact from a different family as there was a mix up at the hospital where she was born. The switch came to light when Eun Suh was involved in a car accident and it was discovered that her blood type was different from her parents. Eun Suh's life took a complete turn when the 2 girls were returned to their respective families. Soon after, the Yoon family left for the States and Eun Suh was left living in sordid condition with her real family in Korea. Years after, Joon Suh returned to Korea and by chance the two former siblings were reunited.(Source: DramaWiki)",7.7,5105,16,"['Song Seung Heon', 'Song Hye Kyo', 'Won Bin', 'Han Na Na', 'Han Chae Young', 'Moon Geun Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Yoon Seok Ho,Oh Soo Yun
777,Dear My Room,https://mydramalist.com/31143-eun-joo-s-room,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Youth","Friends To Lovers, Living Alone, Adapted From A Manhwa, Adulthood, Childhood Friends' Relationship, Slow Burn Story, Fluffy, Father-Daughter Relationship, Mother-Daughter Relationship, Love Square ","The tale of Shim Eun Joo, a self-employed woman who is trying to redefine her life after winning a big project as an editorial designer and subsequently struggling on her own.",7.7,687,12,"['Ryu Hye Young', 'Kim Jae Young', 'Park Ji Hyun', 'Yun Ji On', 'Kim Sun Young', 'Park Jin Woo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,O'live,"Jang Jung Do,  So Jae Hyun","Kim Hyun Chul,  Park Sang Moon"
778,The Snow Queen,https://mydramalist.com/364-the-snow-queen,"Romance,  Drama","Boxing, Mind Sport, International Mathematical Olympiad, Suicide, Winter Setting, Mathematician Male Lead, Loner Male Lead, Genius Male Lead, Death ","At 17, Tae Woong, a mathematical genius, meets two people who will later become the people he loves. One becomes his best friend and the other his love.Tae Woong's best friend, Kim Jeong Kyu, also classified as a genius, competes for academic accolades. After Tae Woong beats him in an international math Olympiad, Jeong Kyu commits suicide. During this same time, Tae Woong meets a little girl who develops a crush on him. However, he loses touch with her without finding out her name.These tragic events take their toll on the rest of Tae Woong's life. At 25, eight years later, Tae Woong is now a third-class boxer and, through unexpected events, finds Bo Ra, the little girl he once knew. Although this winter will be very cold and scary, winter is not the end of the seasons but the beginning of the hope for greater love.",7.7,2751,16,"['Hyun Bin', 'Sung Yoo Ri', 'Im Joo Hwan', 'Yoo In Young', 'Chun Ho Jin', 'Jin Tae Hyun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Lee Hyung Min,"Kim Eun Hee,  Yoon Eun Kyung"
779,Curtain Call,https://mydramalist.com/712447-the-tree-dies-standing,"Romance,  Life,  Drama,  Family","Poor Male Lead, Business, Propaganda, Stage Actor Male Lead, Hotelier Supporting Character, Hotelier Female Lead, Age Gap [Drama Life], Age Gap [Real Life], Elder Female Lead, Family Business ","Ja Geum Soon was born in 1930 in what is now North Korea. When the Korean War broke out in the 1950s, she escaped to what is now South Korea – and was torn away from her husband and young child. She dreamed of being reunited with them, so she founded a hotel that she hoped would become a metaphorical lighthouse – and bring her lost family back to her. This hotel became the successful Nakwon hotel chain.Now, Ja Geum Soon is approaching the end of her life, and she dreams of being reunited with the grandson she has never met: Im Moon Sung. Her ever-faithful assistant Jung Sang Cheol hatches a plan to help bring peace to the old woman before she dies – he will hire an actor to pose as Im Moon Sung. He seeks out Yoo Jae Heon, a struggling stage actor who has been playing a North Korean soldier in a theater performance. Yoo Jae Heon agrees. He is told to pose as a defector who has come to visit the old woman for a while before attempting to return to the North. However, it soon appears that he has bitten off more than he can chew. He also crosses paths with Park Se Yeon, Ja Geum Soon’s granddaughter – the woman who is running Nakwon... and has vowed not to allow it to fall into anyone else’s hands!(Source: Viki)",7.7,1522,16,"['Kang Ha Neul', 'Ha Ji Won', 'Go Doo Shim', 'Kwon Sang Woo', 'Sung Dong Il', 'Jung Ji So']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,"KBS2,  Viki",Yoon Sang Ho,Jo Seong Geol
780,Love with Flaws,https://mydramalist.com/34239-people-with-flaws,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","Misunderstanding, Eccentric Male Lead, Trauma, First Love, Love Triangle, Bromance, Hot-tempered Female Lead, Sismance, Male Chases Female First, Brother-Sister Relationship ","This romantic comedy follows a woman who has an aversion to flower boys and a man who has an obsession with appearance. The female lead, Joo Seo Yeon, is a hot-tempered physical education high school teacher who always wears sneakers, jeans and training uniforms.  The death of her parents helped instill a deep sense of compassion, a generous heart and an outspoken objection for anyone who drinks and drives. Living in a house with three irascible and very attractive brothers, she loathes flower boys. Her ideal type is someone who is “not handsome.” In contrast, the male lead, Lee Kang Woo, is a handsome chaebol who focuses primarily on outer appearance. Initially, he craved attention, oozed arrogance and loved his looks--despite the strict diet and exercise regimen required to maintain it. While he appears flawless, he (like everyone else) was wounded while growing up. And those flaws--along with everyone else's--drive the story.  Sparks fly when they meet and struggle to overcome their biases for and against people with flaws. Throughout the drama they learn to see beyond appearances to the tragic backstories and scars that motivate themselves and the people around them.(Source: Kpopmap)",7.7,11739,32,"['Oh Yeon Seo', 'Ahn Jae Hyun', 'Kim Seul Gi', 'Gu Won', 'Heo Jung Min', 'Cha In Ha']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Oh Jin Suk,Ahn Shin Yoo
781,All That We Loved,https://mydramalist.com/724633-love-do-it,"Romance,  Youth","Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, Miniseries, High School, First Love, Love Triangle, Bromance ","Depicts the solid friendship and sincere love story of 18-year-old youths who cannot give up love or friendship. The drama deals with the unique subject of cellular memory, which hypothesizes that memory is transferred to organ transplant recipients.Go Yoo is an 18-year-old student in his second year of Hara High School. Go Yoo grows taller everyday, and he is often praised as a genius at basketball, which he originally started in order to grow taller. He’s also a charming student who manages to at least do averagely in school despite not studying. Go Yoo is too busy to date, and he’s preoccupied with protecting Joon Hee, but after he donates his kidney to Joon Hee, he becomes rivals in love with Joon Hee for the school’s No. 1 student and his first love So Yeon due to cellular memory syndrome.(Source: Naver; Soompi)",7.7,1594,8,"['Oh Se Hun', 'Jang Yeo Bin', 'Cho Jun Young', 'Jeon Yeong In', 'Song Jae Rim', 'Jung Eugene']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,TVING,Kim Jin Sung,Kang Yoon
782,Stock Struck,https://mydramalist.com/717083-ants-are-riding,"Business,  Comedy,  Romance,  Life","Friendship, Multiple Mains, Phobia, Unlucky Female Lead, Character Development, Break Up, Saleswoman Female Lead, Part-time Worker Male Lead, Time Skip, Naive Female Lead ","Five people who invested in the stock market take part in a mysterious stock meeting. There, they learn about life, love, and friendships through investing in stocks.Yoo Mi Seo is set to marry very soon. She's new to investing and so far has only lost money. 33-year-old Choi Sun Woo is a man of mystery. When his shift at a convenience store ends, he climbs into an expensive import auto. Kang San focuses only on his happiness, not caring about a career or finding success. He earns a living working part-time. Jung Haeng Ja owns and operates a pig feet restaurant.After retiring from his job, Kim Jin Bae began investing in the stock market.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.7,606,12,"['Han Ji Eun', 'Hong Jong Hyun', 'Jang Gwang', 'Jung Moon Sung', 'Kim Sun Young', 'Lee Joo Won']",Not Yet Rated,TVING,Choi Ji Yeong,Unknown
783,Padam Padam,https://mydramalist.com/2937-padam-padam,"Romance,  Life,  Melodrama,  Supernatural","Ex-Convict Male Lead, Prison Setting, Countryside Setting, Angel Male Lead, Wrongfully Accused, Family Relationship, Older Man/Younger Woman, Death, Tragic Past, Murder ","Born to a poor family, Kang Chil spends 16 years in prison after being wrongly convicted of a crime. Before his release, he kills a prison guard by accident and is sentenced to execution. In the last moment of his life, he is presented with the opportunity to return to the past and change his decisions. One of his friends in prison, Guk Soo, claims to be his guardian angel. He says that two more miracles will happen to Kang Chil, and that he should not forget the lessons that they teach.After being released, Kang Chil meets Jina, a spirited veterinarian. Sensing the suffering in each other’s past, they fall in love with each other. But the moment of bliss is brief, as Kang Chil realizes that the victim of the murder 16 years ago was Jina’s uncle. At the same time, the one that framed him continuously threatens his life. In the face of danger, time turns back once more.And so, Kang Chil realizes that as bleak as his life may have seemed, there were people who had made sacrifices for him. He comes to realize that no matter what his situation is, the time he spent with those people was all a miracle.(Source: JTBC)",7.7,3374,20,"['Jung Woo Sung', 'Han Ji Min', 'Kim Bum', 'Park Jung Woo', 'Kim Min Kyung', 'Kim Joon Sung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,Kim Kyu Tae,Noh Hee Kyung
784,Evasive Inquiry Agency,https://mydramalist.com/902-evasive-inquiry-agency,"Mystery,  Comedy,  Romance","Instructor Male Lead, Fortune Teller Female Lead, Shop Owner Male Lead, Detective Fiction, Tarot, Treasure Hunting, Awkward Male Lead, Taekwondo, Awkward Female Lead, Smart Female Lead ","Moo Yeol, a taekwondo instructor, falls for Eun Jae at first sight when she comes to his agency and asks for help finding gold treasures. Hee Kyung is a tarot card master, and Yong Soo is a manhwa shop owner who passes his days with no dreams nor hopes, but gets involved in the gold hunting simply for fun. Moo Yeol, Hee Kyung, and Yong Soo gather together at the empty Inquiry Agency office and they discover a dead corpse in the basement. The four of them later decide to start a treasure hunting project.",7.7,424,16,"['Lee Min Ki', 'Ye Ji Won', 'Ryu Seung Soo', 'Lee Eun Sung', 'Park Hee Soon', 'Yoon Moon Shik']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Ham Young Hoon,Park Yeon Sun
785,Yoo Na's Street,https://mydramalist.com/9618-yoo-nas-street,"Comedy,  Romance,  Crime,  Drama","Strong Female Lead, Nice Male Lead, Slow Burn Romance, Sismance, Thief Female Lead, Gangster Male Lead, Jack Of All Trades, Tough Female Lead, Righteous Male Lead, Warm Man/Cold Woman ","Yu Na, who used to be part of the dark world as a thief, sometimes goes back to her old habits. When she moves into a multiplex house, she meets a group of old gangsters with dark pasts. Han, the owner of the place, used to be a gang boss but has started a new life as a good citizen. All sorts of people live together - a member of Korea’s first-generation mafia, a corrupt former policeman, and a charged adulterer. While they have been living aimless lives, a sweet and innocent guy named Chang Man shows up and changes their worldview. At first, they thought Chang Man’s pure innocence was stupid. However, he soon becomes the most important person in their lives. In the meantime, Yu Na feels love for the first time while quarreling with Chang Man. What will become of their dramatic love for one another?(Source: JTBC)",7.7,451,50,"['Lee Hee Joon', 'Kim Ok Bin', 'Lee Moon Shik', 'Seo Yoo Jung', 'Shin So Yool', 'Jo Hee Bong']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,"Im Tae Woo,  Kim Jae Hong",Kim Woon Kyung
786,Secret Door,https://mydramalist.com/10515-secret-door,"Historical,  Mystery,  Drama,  Political","Prince Sado, Strong Male Lead, Father-Son Relationship, Corruption, Selfless Male Lead, Righteous Male Lead, Wrongfully Accused, Strong Female Lead, Murder, Joseon Dynasty ","Secret Door follows the conflict between King Yeong Jo and Crown Prince Sa Do in the longest reign in Joseon history, 52 years. King Yeong Jo pursues strong royal authority, while Crown Prince Sa Do insists on equality for all.",7.7,825,24,"['Han Seok Kyu', 'Lee Je Hoon', 'Yoon So Hee', 'Kim Yoo Jung', 'Kim Min Jong', 'Park Eun Bin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Shin Kyung Soo,  Kim Hyung Shik",Yoon Sun Joo
787,Hotel King,https://mydramalist.com/9046-hotel-king,"Business,  Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Revenge, Enemies To Lovers, Murder, Birth Secret, Inheritance Theft, Antihero Male Lead, Hotel Setting, Possessive Male Lead, Death, Adoption ","An heiress struggles to keep her 7-star hotel afloat with the help of the general manager who attempts to take revenge on his father. While the relationship of the two deepens into love, they also gradually learn about secrets surrounding the death of the late chairman which lead to a shocking revelation.(Source: MBC)",7.7,7051,32,"['Lee Dong Wook', 'Lee Da Hae', 'Im Seul Ong', 'Wang Ji Hye', 'Lee Deok Hwa', 'Kim Hae Sook']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Kim Dae Jin,  Jang Joon Ho,  Ashbun",Jo Eun Jung
788,Twenty Years Old,https://mydramalist.com/8579-twenty-years-old,"Music,  Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Miniseries, Sweet Male Lead, Idol Male Lead, Second Chance Romance, First Love, Secret Relationship, Nice Male Lead, Male Chases Female First, Heartbreak, Lying ","Two twenty-year-olds, Kim Hye Rim and Lee Ki Kwang, who attended the same middle school, meet again coincidentally after many years as a college student and an idol group member. Lee Ki Kwang is a member of popular idol group falls in love with Kim Hye Rim, his old friend from same middle school who has never dated before, as the two try to keep their love a secret from the rest of the world.",7.7,6441,4,"['Lee Gi Kwang', 'Lee Da In', 'Kim Hye Ji', 'Kang Tae Oh', 'Kim Dong Seok', 'Lee Cho Ah']",Not Yet Rated,tvN,Hwang Joon Hyuk,Kim Yoon Joo
789,Personal Taste,https://mydramalist.com/19-personal-taste,"Comedy,  Romance","Cohabitation, Naive Female Lead, Misunderstanding, Pretends To Be Gay, Lying, Eccentric Female Lead, Mean Male Lead, Adapted From A Novel, Mistaken Identity, Love Square ","Jeon Jin Ho is a straight guy who is mistaken as gay when he applies to become Park Gae In's roommate. His hobbies include organization and ironing, and he's known for his stoic poker face. He's a stickler for cleanliness, but he also has a talent for figuring out a women's feelings. Gae In is very trusting even though she has a habit of being betrayed. However, that doesn't stop her from giving people the benefit of doubt and Jin Ho is no different. How will Gae In react when she finds out that her gay roommate is not actually gay at all and that he has fallen for her?~~ Adapted from a novel of the same name by Lee Se In.",7.7,38571,16,"['Lee Min Ho', 'Son Ye Jin', 'Kim Ji Suk', 'Wang Ji Hye', 'Jo Eun Ji', 'Ahn Suk Hwan']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Song Hyung Suk,  Noh Jong Chan",Unknown
790,New Tales of Gisaeng,https://mydramalist.com/283-new-tales-of-gisaeng,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Interracial Relationship, Gisaeng Female Lead, Jealous Male Lead, Disapproving Parent, Forbidden Love, Spoiled Male Lead, Soap Opera, Family Relationship, Jealousy, Evil Stepmother ","New Tales of Gisaeng depicts the love, sadness and pain of people surrounding a gisaeng house, where only VIPs can enter.Dan Sa Ran majored in classical dance while attending college. Her mother died when she was still young and her father remarried, bringing with him a new stepsister and a materialistic stepmother whom she has trouble warming up to. Sa Ran comes from a poor family, but she maintains her dignity around friends who come from rich families. Either fate or coincidence brings her together with Da Mo, to whom she feels an instant attraction, but her awareness of her poor background restrains her from voicing it. A head gisaeng at Buyongkak observes Sa Ran's natural beauty and grace as well as dancing talent, and recommends her to become a gisaeng.Ah Da Mo takes business administration training at his father's company. He does not get along with his father, who is indifferent towards his family and only shows affection towards their pet dog. Da Mo is cocky and tends to look down on women, but begins to question his attitude when he meets Sa Ran by chance. He finds himself involuntarily drawn to her, and their relationship begins.",7.7,1525,52,"['Im Soo Hyang', 'Sung Hoon', 'Han Hye Rin', 'Kim Bo Yun', 'Lee Dong Joon', 'Lee Mae Ri']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Son Moon Kwon,Im Sung Han
791,Wanted,https://mydramalist.com/18554-wanted,"Mystery,  Drama,  Melodrama","Crime Against Children, Kidnapping, Actress Female Lead, Loveless Marriage, Death, Money-Obsession, Strong Female Lead, Idol Actor, Investigation ","Jung Hye In is a top actress in Korea who reigns over dramas, movies, and commercials. However, her son is kidnapped on the day she announces her retirement. With the help of PD Shin Dong Wook and police detective Cha Seung In, she ends up participating in a live reality show where she follows the kidnapper’s orders, and in the process uncovers clues towards catching the culprit and finding her son.",7.7,1948,16,"['Kim Ah Joong', 'Ji Hyun Woo', 'Uhm Tae Woong', 'Park Hae Joon', 'Park Sung Geun', 'Park  Hyo Joo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Park Yong Soon,"Han Ji Wan,  Han Ji Wan"
792,High School King of Savvy,https://mydramalist.com/9702-high-school-king-of-savvy,"Comedy,  Romance,  Sports","Older Woman/Younger Man, Double Identity, Eccentric Female Lead, Male Chases Female First, Nice Male Lead, Steamy Kiss, High School, Hidden Identity, Ice Hockey, Student Supporting Character ","Can a high school boy lead a double life? Lee Min Seok is a rising hockey player at his high school leading an average high school life, complete with a groupie classmate, Jung Yoo Ah, who has a crush on him. But suddenly one day, Min Seok’s older brother, who looks just like him except for the fact that he’s nine years older, calls and begs Min Seok to impersonate him at his new job as he inexplicably goes into hiding for awhile. As he goes to work as his older brother, Min Seok meets Yoo Ah’s older sister, Jung Soo Young, a contract worker at the same company, and clashes with the Director Yoo Jin Woo, the son of the company president. As Min Seok leads a double life, will both Yoo Ah and Soo Young fall for the same guy?(Source: Viki)",7.7,10447,17,"['Seo In Guk', 'Lee  Ha Na', 'Lee Soo Hyuk', 'Lee Yeol Eum', 'Lee Tae Hwan', 'Shin Hye Sun']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,tvN,Yoo Je Won,"Yang Hee Seung,  Jo Sung Hee"
793,Times,https://mydramalist.com/62235-times,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Fantasy,  Political","Time Warp, Different Timelines, Time Altering, Sci-Fi, Father-Daughter Relationship, Determined Female Lead, Hardworking Male Lead, Death, Investigation, Suspense ","A passionate reporter with exceptional talent, Lee Jin Woo has dedicated his entire career to pursuing nothing but the truth. Committed to telling the whole story, Jin Woo will do whatever it takes to find and report the hard facts. A hard-working man with a nose for news, Jin Woo’s life takes an unexpected turn when a mysterious phone call connects him with Seo Jung In, a woman who claims to be living five years in the future.A hard-nosed reporter with a burning passion for her work, Seo Jung In has a knack for finding the best stories. But sometimes digging deep uncovers some nasty truths. Following a string of leads, Jung In uncovers a dark plot that could shake the very foundations of the country. With the life of her father, South Korea’s President, Seo Ki Tae on the line, Jung In finds herself in a deadly race against time. But she’s not in this race alone. Mysteriously connected by phone to Lee Jin Woo, the two agree to join forces to save the president.Living and working in two completely different times, Jin Woo and Jung In set out on a dangerous quest for the truth. But will they be able to stop the villainous masterminds plotting this heinous crime before it’s too late?(Source: Viki)",7.7,1341,12,"['Lee Seo Jin', 'Lee Joo Young', 'Kim Yeong Cheol', 'Moon Jung Hee', 'Kim In Kwon', 'Moon Ji In']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,OCN,Yoon Jong Ho,"Lee Sae Bom,  Ahn Hye Jin"
794,Brain,https://mydramalist.com/3067-brain,"Romance,  Drama,  Medical","Doctor Female Lead, Doctor Male Lead, Cold Male Lead, Disease, Brain Surgery, Mother-Son Relationship, Cold Man/Warm Woman, Love Triangle ","Lee Kang Hun, who graduated from the top medical school, works at the top hospital and is the top neurosurgeon around. He has ambitions to become the director at his university hospital. After an incident that happens with his father when he was young, he has sworn to become the best neurosurgeon in the country that's why he is obsessed with success, which is probably his greatest strength since it makes him steely and fierce.Kim Sang Chul is the prickly genius doctor and world-famous neurologist. He hates Kang Hun's Methods and He's determined to change him. There's a hidden past between him and Kang Hun, a past that Sang Chul Kept secret for too long. Yoon Ji Hye is also a neurosurgeon who grew up in an ordinary family. She is extremely strict in matters of work and study but has a warm bedside manner with her patients. She also has strong feelings towards Kang Hun.Seo Joon Suk (who was born into a family of doctors and had great support from his father) is Lee Kang Hoon's rival as he's The one Kang Hun despises the most. That's why Joon Suk is determined to prove that he's not less talented than Kang Hun. The woman Joon Suk loves is Yoon Ji Hye.Jang Yoo Jin is the illegitimate daughter of a rich man whom Kang-hoon treated. She started to like Kang Hun and decided to help him reach his goals.This drama revolves around the struggle (mainly psychological) between those characters and where their ambitions will lead them.",7.7,1156,20,"['Shin Ha Kyun', 'Choi Jung Won', 'Jung Jin Young', 'Jo Dong Hyuk', 'Im Ji Eun', 'Lee Seung Joo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Song Hyun Wook,  Yoo Hyun Ki",Yoon Kyung Ah
795,Rose Mansion,https://mydramalist.com/702551-the-mansion,"Thriller,  Mystery","Hacker Supporting Character, Secretary Supporting Character, Detective Fiction, Detective Supporting Character, Detective Male Lead, Stubborn Male Lead, Sisters' Relationship, Animal Death, Sexual Harassment, Secret ","Set in an apartment scheduled for reconstruction and tells the story of the search for the truth behind a sister’s disappearance. The gradually uncovered secrets will deliver realistic fear and intense suspense, along with suspicious neighbors who hide their greed beneath ordinary looks. Ji Na is a hotel employee who is tracking down her older sister’s disappearance. Although she appears to have a smooth-sailing life, she is a person filled with a great sense of inferiority on the inside. Following the news of her sister Ji Hyun’s disappearance, Ji Na returns to her family’s house, the Rose Mansion, only to be swept up in an unexpected situation. Violent crimes detective Min Soo will be the only one to believe in Ji Na’s words and help her. As a stubborn man of action who has to see through to the end of a case once he gets hooked on it, Min Soo will help Ji Na unearth the truth behind Ji Hyun’s disappearance. Although he appears to be a strong, reliable man, Min Soo also possesses dark secrets that not many know about.(Source: Soompi)",7.7,708,12,"['Im Ji Yeon', 'Yoon Kyun Sang', 'Son Byung Ho', 'Song Ji In', 'Lee Mi Do', 'Jo Dal Hwan']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),TVING,Chang,Yoo Kab Yeol
796,I Have Not Done My Best Yet,https://mydramalist.com/688937-i-haven-t-done-my-best-yet,Comedy,"Middle-Aged Male Lead, Father-Daughter Relationship, Father-Son Relationship, Adapted From A Manga, Webtoon Artist Male Lead, Aspiring Artist, Midlife Crisis, Unemployed Male Lead, Character Development, Ambitious Male Lead ","Nam Geum Pil is a man in his 40's and he lives with his father and daughter. Out of the blue, he decides to quit his job. He receives criticism from his family, but he doesn't care. He freeloads from his friend when he wants to drink alcohol. Meanwhile, Nam Geum Pil becomes aware of a male neighbor who looks like an unemployed man, but he actually makes a lot of money as a webcomic writer. Nam Geum Pil then decides to become a comic writer.(Source: AsianWiki)~~ Adapted from the manga series ""Ore Wa Mada Honki Dashitenai Dake"" (俺はまだ本気出してないだけ) by Shunju Aono (青野春秋).",7.7,445,12,"['Park Hae Joon', 'Kim Gab Soo', 'Park Jung Yeon', 'Park Ji Young', 'Kim Do Wan', 'Park Bo Yeon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,TVING,Im Tae Woo,"Park Eun Young,  Park Hee Kwon"
797,Gunman In Joseon,https://mydramalist.com/9549-joseon-gunman,"Action,  Historical,  Romance,  Melodrama","Strong Male Lead, Joseon Dynasty, Gun Fight, Smart Female Lead, Power Struggle, Revenge, Hidden Identity, Historical Fiction, Drama, Thriller ","In the time of enlightenment of 19th-century Joseon. It stars a hero who is the son of Joseon’s greatest swordsman. He loses his father and his younger sister gets sold as a slave, after which he trades sword for gun as he embarks on his revenge mission, and in doing so the drama will “depict the pain and courage of the young people of the era.”",7.7,3583,22,"['Lee Joon Gi', 'Nam Sang Mi', 'Han Joo Wan', 'Jeon Hye Bin', 'Yoo Oh Sung', 'Choi Ji Na']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Lee Jae Sang,  Kim Jung Min,  Cha Young Hoon,  Kim Jung Min","Han Hee Jung,  Lee Jung Woo"
798,My Sassy Girl,https://mydramalist.com/17275-my-sassy-girl,"Historical,  Comedy,  Romance","Joseon Dynasty, Sassy Female Lead, Love/Hate Relationship, Nice Male Lead, Princess Female Lead, Historical Fiction, Royalty, Smart Male Lead, Pre-produced, First Love ","A respected scholar inadvertently becomes the protector of a mischievous princess. Gyeon Woo enjoys the fame of “Joseon’s National Treasure” as a renowned scholar of his generation. When the king asks him to properly educate his sassy daughter, Princess Hye Myung, Gyeon Woo has his work cut out for him.But when rebels come after Hye Myung and challenge her future reign, Gyeon Woo inadvertently becomes her protector.  Gyeon Woo’s job becomes something that he didn’t anticipate, but can he save Hye Myung from a terrible fate and keep her throne?(Source: Viki)",7.7,8015,32,"['Joo Won', 'Oh Yeon Seo', 'Lee Jung Shin', 'Kim Yoon Hye', 'Son Chang Min', 'Yoon Se Ah']",G - All Ages,SBS,Oh Jin Suk,Yoon Hyo Je
799,Time,https://mydramalist.com/28710-time,"Mystery,  Romance,  Melodrama","Slight Romance, Revenge, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Investigation, Regret, Forbidden Love, Mourning, Power Struggle, Tearjerker, Trauma ","This is the story of two polar opposite people that come together in tragedy. One remains stuck in time, whilst the other only has a limited amount of time left to live.Seol Ji Hyun is a woman who, although living a hard life, remains positive, upbeat and social. Cheon Soo Ho is the CEO of a restaurant and the son of a wealthy family with a terrible temper and no regard for other people. They both meet briefly under negative impressions of each other.However, their lives become entangled once more when Ji Hyun's sister dies unexpectedly in Soo Ho's residence. From there, Ji Hyun's time stops and she becomes a cold, miserable person who finds nothing to live for. But Soo Hoo, who carries heavy guilt and is drawn to her, promises to himself to use the 6 months he has left to live to help her, whose life was destroyed because of him.In the process, Soo Ho falls in love with Ji Hyun, but how far can love develop when you only have a limited time left to live?(Source: AJ at MyDramaList)",7.7,2935,32,"['Kim Jung Hyun', 'Seo Hyun', 'Kim Joon Han', 'Hwang Seung Eon', 'Choi Jong Hwan', 'Jeon Soo Kyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Jang Joon Ho,Choi Ho Chul
800,Shine or Go Crazy,https://mydramalist.com/11646-shine-or-go-crazy,"Historical,  Romance,  Supernatural,  Political","Child Abandonment, Cross-Dressing, Gwangjong, Power Struggle, Goryeo Dynasty, King Male Lead, Emperor Male Lead, Princess Female Lead, Prince Male Lead, Historical Figure ","Wang So, a Goryeo prince, was born with the name, “Shine.” Shin Yul is a woman hailing from the Balhae kingdom and believed to have the powers of an oracle. A prince who suffered vile remarks because of a cursed prophecy finds himself attracted to a former princess from a fallen kingdom who faces death because of her fate to become the light of another kingdom. Their love is at a point of either shining or flaming out.(Source: MBC)",7.7,2983,24,"['Jang Hyuk', 'Oh Yeon Seo', 'Lee Ha Nee', 'Im Joo Hwan', 'Ryu Seung Soo', 'Na In Woo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Song Hyung Suk,  Yoon Ji Hoon","Kim Sun Mi,  Kim Sun Young"
801,Everything and Nothing,https://mydramalist.com/39183-everything-and-nothing,"Romance,  Youth,  Melodrama","Adolescence, Cold Female Lead, Mother-Son Relationship, Mother-Daughter Relationship, Character Development, Nice Male Lead, Lying, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting ","The story follows the pain and growth of 17-year-old Min Jae and Seo Yeon. Min Jae is an ordinary, male high school student. He doesn't talk much and he has a bit of a sensitive personality. Min Jae gets good grades and doesn't cause trouble.Seo Yeon attends the same high school as Min Jae. They also graduated from the same middle school. She is an ordinary, female high school student. Two years ago, her parents divorced. Since then, she has lived with her mother.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.7,2486,4,"['Yoon Chan Young', 'Park Si Eun', 'Seo Jung Yeon', 'Baek Seung Hwan', 'Kim Jong Tae', 'Lee Hang Na']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Jo Young Min,Ryu Bo Ri
802,Whisper,https://mydramalist.com/18586-whisper,"Thriller,  Law,  Romance,  Drama","Strong Female Lead, Rivalry, Calm Female Lead, Father-Daughter Relationship, Revenge, Wrongfully Accused, Investigation, Melodrama, Law Firm Setting, Criminal Justice System ","Shin Young Joo is a female detective, a section chief with charisma, although she spends most of her time with petty criminals. She has to pay the debt of her family and often speaks harshly, but inside she has a golden heart. Lee Dong Joon is a righteous elite judge, brilliant in mind, but with a warm heart and he always has a friendly ear for those who are weak. Both work together to solve a case of corruption, involving the greatest law firm of the nation, Taebak, which turns out to be one of the biggest scandals ever.",7.7,2925,17,"['Lee Bo Young', 'Lee Sang Yoon', 'Kwon Yool', 'Park Se Young', 'Kim Gab Soo', 'Kim Hong Pa']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Lee Myung Woo,Park Kyung Soo
803,Clean with Passion for Now,https://mydramalist.com/26049-clean-with-passion-for-now,"Business,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Boss-Employee Relationship, Phobia, Eccentric Male Lead, Healing, Mysophobia, Obsessive-compulsive Disorder (OCD), Adapted From A Webtoon, Height Difference, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Older Man/Younger Woman ","Jang Sun Gyeol has wealth and good looks but suffers from severe mysophobia. He is obsessed with cleaning and even owns a cleaning company. However, he meets a carefree and untidy girl named Gil Oh Sol after she enters his company as a new employee.Oh Sol has worked all sorts of part-time jobs while striving for a full-time job and does not have the luxury to date or be clean. She gave up on being neat after facing the tough reality of the world and is known for always wearing her trademark tracksuit. But she has a bright personality and does not mind getting dirty. With the help of Oh Sol, Sun Gyeol faces his mysophobia and also falls in love with her.(Source: JTBC)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Clean with Passion for Now?!"" (일단 뜨겁게 청소하라?!) by Aengo (앵고).",7.7,24960,16,"['Yoon Kyun Sang', 'Kim Yoo Jung', 'Song Jae Rim', 'Go Geon Han', 'Yoo  Sun', 'Kim Won Hae']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,Noh Jong Chan,Han Hee Jung
804,A Shoulder to Cry On,https://mydramalist.com/724779-a-shoulder-to-cry-on,"Psychological,  Romance,  Youth,  Drama","LGBTQ+, Love/Hate Relationship, Gay Romance, Age Gap [Real Life], Enemies To Friends, Teenager Male Lead, Archery, Miniseries, Student Male Lead, School Setting ","At school, Lee Da Yeol spends most of his time living as an outsider. Not popular by any stretch of the imagination, Da Yeol’s only real joy comes from his time spent with the archery club. A talented archer whose skills have earned him a scholarship to the school, Da Yeol doesn’t mind being an outsider, so long as he’s free to pursue his greatest passion. But an ill-timed run-in with a devilishly handsome classmate lands him in trouble and places his precious scholarship in jeopardy.One of the school’s most popular students, Jo Tae Hyun has always enjoyed a level of freedom that very few high school students have ever attained. Able to get away with practically anything, the entire school has no problem believing his side of the story when he’s caught fooling around in the nurse’s office with another student and Da Yeol. Claiming Da Yeol was trying to make out with him, Tae Hyun thoughtlessly puts the archer’s scholarship at risk. Desperate to correct the misunderstanding, Da Yeol does everything he can to try to quell the rumors but no matter how hard he tries, it’s just not enough.Completely unremorseful about what he’s done, Tae Hyun seems to take a wicked sort of delight in doing everything he can to make Da Yeol’s life miserable; his favorite method being to follow Da Yeol everywhere. Unable to shake Tae Hyun, Da Yeol spends his days loathing his shadow but the more time he spends with him, the more conflicted his feelings become; leaving him to wonder, where exactly does the line between hate and love end?(Source: Viki)~~ Adapted from the manhwa ""A Shoulder to Cry On"" (소년을 위로해줘) by Dong Mul (동물).",7.7,11531,7,"['Kim Jae Han', 'Shin Ye Chan', 'Shin Si Ye', 'Jeong Ho Gyun', 'Kim Dong Won', 'Oh Joo Seok']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Song Soo Lim,Kang Jae Hyun
805,Still Loving You,https://mydramalist.com/20266-still-loving-you,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Older Woman/Younger Man, Living With In-laws, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Family ","The tale of former teacher and student, Oh Eun Soo and Kim Bit Na, who meet again years later after they married brothers, Yoon Soo Ho and Yoon Soo Hyun. They even become stepsisters after remarriage of their parents.",7.7,507,125,"['Lee Young Eun', 'Kim Dong Jun', 'Park Ha Na', 'Choi Jung Won', 'Yang  Mi Kyung', 'Nam Neung Mi']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS1,Kwak Gi Won,Kim Min Joo
806,EXO Next Door,https://mydramalist.com/13542-exo-next-door,"Music,  Comedy,  Romance","Bromance, Neighbors' Relationship, Idol Male Lead, Web Series, First Love, Love Triangle, Friendship, Short Length Series ","Ji Yeon Hee is a 23 year old girl, who hasn't yet dated because she blushes terribly and is completely paralysed when she's near a good looking boy. One day, four members of EXO are trying to keep a low profile, and move into the house of one of the member's grandfather. However, it turns out that EXO members' house is right in front of Yeon Hee's house.",7.7,26058,16,"['Park Chan Yeol', 'Mun Ka Young', 'Doh Kyung Soo', 'Oh Se Hun', 'Byun Baek Hyun', 'Jang Yoo Sang']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Naver TV Cast,Lee Kwon,Unknown
807,Real,https://mydramalist.com/79833-real-time-love-4,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Sitcom","Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Childhood Friends' Relationship, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, Short Length Series, Ex-Boyfriend Comes Back, Miniseries, High School ","After the breakup, Hong Yeon and Ye Chan agreed to act like friends, but sometimes one or the other will fail, especially when it comes to a new relationship. Ye Chan's sudden jealousy haunts Hong Yeon and interferes with her relationship with her new boyfriend.",7.7,539,8,"['Park Si Young', 'Choi Hyun Wook', 'Lee Won Jung', 'Heo Won Seo', 'Park Ji Young', 'Kim Do Ah']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Unknown,Unknown
808,The Goddess of Revenge,https://mydramalist.com/60861-channel-o-hara-revenge,"Mystery,  Drama","Revenge, Popular Female Lead, Teamwork, Smart Male Lead, Mother-Son Relationship, Corruption, Strong Female Lead, Secondary Couple, Strong Male Lead, Calm Female Lead ","In the world of the rich and powerful, one wrong move can destroy everything; a sad lesson Kang Hae Ra soon learns. Once a reporter working hard to support the family she had been forced to care for at a very young age, Hae Ra found her way into the limelight after marrying one of the country’s most famous celebrities. Now the center of everyone’s attention, Hae Ra has become one of the nation’s hottest influencers. But when she finds herself wrapped up in an unfounded scandal, Hae Ra’s reputation plummets. Hitting rock bottom, Hae Ra wants revenge, but she’s not the only one desperately searching for a way to bring down those who have hurt her.A talented lawyer with a one hundred percent success rate and a heart of ice, Cha Min Joon is not a man to be trifled with. But when those who wish to bring him low throw his family into ruin, he turns his full attention towards exacting his revenge. While Hae Ra and Min Joon focus on revenge, the sole heir to the FB Group, Kim Tae On, is on a mission of her own to secure her position as the company’s new head. But going up against her father isn’t easy, as one simple mistake could ruin everything. Meanwhile, the tenacious detective Ku Eun Hye takes on a case that could either make or break her.As each individual begins their respective journey towards success and revenge, their paths soon cross. Realizing there’s much more going on than any of them first believed, each delves deeper, but what they find shakes them to their core. Now on a mission to fight against those who seek to destroy them, Hae Ra and Min Joon will stop at nothing to have their revenge. But can they succeed against such powerful foes?(Source: Viki)",7.7,1140,16,"['Kim Sa Rang', 'Yoon Hyun Min', 'Yoo  Sun', 'Jung Man Shik', 'Yoon So Yi', 'Jung Eui Jae']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,TV Chosun,Kang Min Gu,Kim Hyo Jin
809,Best Mistake Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/53605-best-mistake-season-2,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Web Series, Student Supporting Character, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Best Friends' Relationship, Short Length Series, Fake Friend, Youth Romance, Conflict ","In the first season that played back in July, a model student named Kim Yeon-doo, who is devoted to her studies, got involved with Ji Hyeon-ho, who was branded as a bully, and went through stages of teenage romance, friendship and growth.(Source: Han Cinema)~~ Adapted from a mobile dating simulation game ""Best Mistake"" (일진에게 찍혔을 때) by Day7 (데이세븐).",7.7,3655,16,"['Lee Eun Jae', 'Kang Yul', 'Lee Jung Joon', 'Park E Hyun', 'Yoon Jun Won', 'Yang Yoo Jin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,vLive,Lee Yoo Yeon,Yoon Shi So
810,The Suspicious Housekeeper,https://mydramalist.com/7827-the-suspicious-housekeeper,"Mystery,  Drama,  Melodrama","Smart Female Lead, Calm Female Lead, Badass Female Lead, Housekeeper Female Lead, Detective Supporting Character, Talented Female Lead, Talented Male Lead, Dark Fiction, Family Relationship, Death ","Park Bok Nyeo is a housekeeper shrouded in mystery who comes to work for a family — one father,  2 daughters, 2 sons  — when their mother dies. Unsmiling and unexpressive, Bok Nyeo guides the family into healing their wounds and rebuilding bonds.",7.7,3715,20,"['Choi Ji Woo', 'Lee Sung Jae', 'Kim So Hyun', 'Wang Ji Hye', 'Chae Sang Woo', 'Nam  Da Reum']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Kim Hyung Shik,Baek Woon Cheol
811,3 Days,https://mydramalist.com/8423-3-days,"Action,  Thriller,  Drama","Political, Bodyguard Male Lead, Suspense ","The President of South Korea goes on holiday at a private villa. In the middle of the night, three gunshots are fired, and the president goes missing. His bodyguards, led by elite agent Han Tae Kyung, have three days to find the president and escort him safely back to the Blue House.",7.7,2902,16,"['Park Yoo Chun', 'Son Hyun Joo', 'Park Ha Sun', 'So Yi Hyun', 'Yoon Je Moon', 'Choi Won Young']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,"Shin Kyung Soo,  Hong Chang Wook",Kim Eun Hee
812,Full House,https://mydramalist.com/24-full-house-,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Cohabitation, Contract Relationship, Marriage Of Convenience, Love Square, Adapted From A Manhwa, Female Chases Male First, Bickering Mains' Relationship, Writer Female Lead, Cheerful Female Lead, Famous Lead/Common Lead ","Han Ji Eun, an aspiring scriptwriter, lives in a house called ""Full House"", built by her late father. One day, her two best friends trick her into believing she has won a free vacation and sell her house while she's away. On the plane, she meets famous actor Lee Young Jae. Through comedic events, they get acquainted during her vacation, and when she returns, she discovers her house has been sold to him.Though they don't get along with each other (because of her messy tendencies, his bad temper and zealous cleanliness), they agree to live with each other. In the beginning, Ji Eun works as his maid in order to buy her house back. They alter their arrangement when Young Jae decides to win back the love of his life, Kang Hye Won. In a bid to make Hye Won jealous, the two protagonists enter into a contract marriage with a six-month term. Complications arise when the couple starts to fall for each other.(Source: Wikipedia; Edited by: unninette at MyDramaList)~~ Adapted from the manhwa “Full House” (풀하우스) by Won Soo Yeon (원수연).",7.7,24698,16,"['Rain', 'Song Hye Kyo', 'Kim Sung Soo', 'Han Da Gam', 'Kang Do Han', 'Lee Young Eun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Pyo Min Soo,  Park Chan Yool",Unknown
813,The Love in Your Eyes,https://mydramalist.com/737913-it-s-like-a-bean-in-a-pod,"Romance,  Drama","Family, Death Of A Husband, Widow Female Lead, Part-time Worker Female Lead, Heir Male Lead, Age Gap [Drama Life], Single Mother Female Lead, Chasing A Dream, Fated Love, Hardworking Female Lead ","Young Yi lost her husband at a young age, but she tries her best to move on with her husband's family and works days and nights for her daughter. She dreams to go beyond working part-time at a convenience store and become a full-time employee at the head office. Meanwhile, Kyung Jun is the eldest grandson of TS Retail, where Young Yi set her heart on. Five years ago, he underwent a corneal transplant with a donation from Young Yi's late husband and gained a new vision and a new life. What will happen to Young Yi and her second love, Kyung Jun, who has the eyes of her late husband?(Source: Viki)",7.7,377,123,"['Baek Sung Hyun', 'Bae Noo Ri', 'Choi Yoon Ra', 'Jung Soo Hwan', 'Lee Ho Jae', 'Jung Hye Sun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS1,Go Young Tak,Na Seung Hyun
814,Hidden Identity,https://mydramalist.com/13583-hidden-identity,"Mystery,  Drama","Investigation, Death, Revenge, Murder, Teamwork, Undercover Agent Male Lead, Undercover Agent Female Lead, Criminal Organization, Cold Male Lead, Strong Male Lead ","The story of the investigative team Number 5 specially organized to actively combat crime through stake outs, wiretapping, communications monitoring, and deep-cover infiltration. A secret police unit that bends the limits of the law in order to fight crime, the new department comes in addition to the existing departments for criminal investigations, special investigations, criminal affairs, and white collar crime.",7.7,1938,16,"['Kim Bum', 'Park Sung Woong', 'Yoon So Yi', 'Lee Won Jong', 'Kim Tae Hoon', 'Im Hyun Sung']",Not Yet Rated,tvN,Kim Jung Min,Kang Hyun Sung
815,Modern Farmer,https://mydramalist.com/10620-modern-farmer,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Childish Male Lead, Hardworking Female Lead, Slapstick, Multiple Couples, Potty Humor, Band, Love Triangle, Farm Setting ","A comedy drama about a rock band that takes up farming as an escape route. Lee Min Ki is a genius rocker, as well as leader, vocalist, and guitarist of a rock band called Ex-So (Excellent Souls), that he founded together with drummer Han Ki Joon. The cynical Kang Hyeok is the keyboardist of the band, but also a medical school student who is from a family of doctors for many generations. The two will be involved in a love triangle with the lead female. Meanwhile, Yoo Han Cheol is the bass guitarist.",7.7,5549,20,"['Lee Hong Ki', 'Lee Ha Nee', 'Park Min Woo', 'Kwak Dong Yeon', 'Lee Si Eon', 'Han Bo Reum']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Oh Jin Suk,"Kim Ki Ho,  Kim Ki Ho"
816,Baek Hee Has Returned,https://mydramalist.com/18556-baek-hee-has-returned,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Miniseries, Island Setting, Single Mother Female Lead, Leave Home, Childhood Sweethearts, Long-lost Father, Return To Hometown, Multiple Mains, Teenage Pregnancy, Family ","Why would a woman return to her sleepy hometown after 18 years?Yang Baek Hee was quite popular in her small hometown of Sumwol Island but left 18 years ago under a shroud of scandal when she became pregnant. In the intervening years, Baek Hee has married a doctor and become a polished, top salesperson for a home shopping network. When she moves back to Sumwol Island, Baek Hee brings her 18-year-old daughter, Shin Ok Hee.The rebellious Ok Hee thinks her mother is the pinnacle of uncool. But she begins to see her mother in a new light as she learns about Baek Hee’s past on the island.When Ok Hee meets three men from her mother’s childhood — Woo Bum Ryong, Cha Jong Myung and Hong Doo Shik — could one of these men be her father?(Source: Viki)",7.7,1117,4,"['Kang Ye Won', 'Jin  Ji Hee', 'Kim Sung Oh', 'Choi Dae Chul', 'In Gyo Jin', 'Choi Phillip']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Cha Young Hoon,Im Sang Choon
817,Pop Out Boy!,https://mydramalist.com/58397-torn,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Fantasy","Web Series, Cohabitation, Love Triangle, Male Chases Female First, Sweet Male Lead, First Love, Adapted From A Webtoon, Student Supporting Character, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead ","Han Sun Nyeo spends her days attending school, hanging out with friends, reading comics, and dreaming of her first love. Really, the only thing that sets Sun Nyeo apart from every other teenage girl in the world is the fact that she holds an uncanny resemblance to the heroine of a romance comic popular more than a decade ago. Having never paid much attention to the resemblance between herself and her comic book counterpart; Sun Nyeo’s thoughts on the subject take a drastic turn the day she comes face-to-face with the comic’s dashing male protagonist, Chun Nam Wook.Having literally torn himself out of the pages of the comic book, Nam Wook now finds himself standing face-to-face with Sun Nyeo in the real world. Stunned by the sudden appearance of a comic book character come to life, Sun Nyeo can’t help but wonder how he got here and, more importantly, how is he supposed to get back? While Sun Nyeo tries to find answers to her questions, Nam Wook occupies himself with the singular task of winning Sun Nyeo’s affections.Despite the fact that he is an undeniable heartthrob, every time Nam Wook opens his mouth, he says the cheesiest things. How can he possibly win his leading lady's heart when everything he says seems to make her cringe?(Source: Viki)~~ Adapted from the webtoon “Comic Book Boy Girl”.",7.7,3528,10,"['Kim Do Yeon', 'Kim Min Kyu', 'Choi Hyun Wook', 'Han Ji Hyo', 'Im Bo Ra', 'Kim Hye Sung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Wang Hye Ryung,Choi Yo Ji
818,Oasis,https://mydramalist.com/694757-oasis,"Historical,  Romance,  Youth,  Drama","1980s, 1990s, Transfer Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Childhood Friends' Relationship, Businessman Male Lead, Thug Supporting Character, Gangster Male Lead, Police Officer Supporting Character ","During the 1980s, South Korea was undergoing a political change leading to turmoil and social unrest. In a small town in Jeolla Province, two friends, Lee Doo Hak and Choi Cheol Woong, were trying to navigate their way through high school and adolescence. However, their lives were forever changed when Oh Jung Shin, a girl from Seoul, transferred to their school. The trio quickly became close friends, but the two boys developed romantic feelings for Oh Jung Shin as time passed, sparking a love rivalry between them. However, circumstances beyond their control began to rock their young lives. An unexpected incident involving Lee Doo Hak's family resulted in tragedy, pushing him towards violence and revenge. As political events escalated around them, could love be the answer to saving the day for these three young friends?(Source: Viki, edited by CK Warrior at MyDramaList)",7.7,1444,16,"['Jang Dong Yoon', 'Seol In Ah', 'Choo Young Woo', 'Do Sang Woo', 'Hyun Seung Hee', 'Jin Yi Han']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"KBS2,  Viki","Han Hee,  Yoon Sung Shik",Jung Hyung Soo
819,Adamas,https://mydramalist.com/716307-adamas,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Drama","Revenge, Identical Twin Male Lead, Death Of A Stepfather, Writer Male Lead, Reporter Female Lead, Prosecutor Male Lead, Brothers' Relationship, Secret, Death, Murder ","Twin brothers pair up to uncover the truth stemming from a murder occurring  22 years ago. The siblings, best-selling mystery novelist Woo Shin and public prosecutor Soo Hyun, find themselves up against a great evil when attempting to clear the trumped-up charges laid against their stepfather, now facing the death penalty.Similar in appearance, their approaches to problem-solving and contrasting perspectives guide them throughout their investigation. Chasing after the truth uncovers many secrets long concealed by a mighty power.(Source: MyDramaList)",7.7,2553,16,"['Ji Sung', 'Seo Ji Hye', 'Lee Soo Kyung', 'Heo Sung Tae', 'Oh Dae Hwan', 'Lee Kyung Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Park Seung Woo,Choi Tae Kang
820,Long Time No See,https://mydramalist.com/26024-long-time-no-see,"Action,  Romance,  Crime,  Drama","LGBTQ+, Hidden Identity, Web Series, Gay Romance, Miniseries, Skilled Killer, Sexual Content, Steamy Kiss, Violence, Fight ","The renowned hitman, ""Flying Dagger’"" starts dating ""Wild Dog"" who isn't really what he seems to be. While both of them hide their secrets, they cannot help falling in love with each other.They run into danger as gangsters chase after them. Will ""Flying Dagger"" reveal his secret identity? Will they be able to overcome obstacles and keep their love?(Source: STRONGBERRY at Vimeo)",7.7,15788,5,"['Tak Woo Suk', 'Yeon Seung Ho', 'Kim Myung Hwan', 'Ra Sun Young', 'Won Tae San']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),Naver TV Cast,Kang Woo,Unknown
821,No Time for Love,https://mydramalist.com/30570-no-time-for-love,"Romance,  Life,  Youth","Miniseries, Web Series, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Young Adult Female Lead, Young Adult Male Lead, Short Length Series, Nice Female Lead, Hardworking Male Lead ",The story of 4 individuals and their struggle prioritising studies and job over love.,7.7,921,8,"['Joo Byung Ha', 'Park Sang Nam', 'Kim Nu Ri', 'Song Yi Jae']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
822,Flat,https://mydramalist.com/40191-flat,"Romance,  Life,  Youth","Male Chases Female First, Nice Male Lead, First Love, Miniseries, Coming Of Age, Older Woman/Younger Man, Short Length Series, High School To College, Past And Present, Different Timelines ","Yeon Woo a highschool boy meets Da Mi, he feels an instant connection after he notices her bright red sneakers. Da Mi & Yeon Woo tell their story, reminiscing over the past, how they became friends and how their relationship grew and developed over the years.",7.7,255,8,"['Song Geon Hee', 'Jung Hye Rin']",G - All Ages,Unknown,Kim Joon Mo,Unknown
823,Bad Papa,https://mydramalist.com/29445-bad-papa,"Adventure,  Romance,  Drama,  Sports","Boxing, Marriage Crisis, Childhood Friends' Relationship, Morally Ambiguous Male Lead, Childhood Crush, Mad Dog, Car Accident, Impulsive Male Lead, Benevolent Father, Secret Crush ","Yoo Ji Cheol makes a difficult decision to become a bad person in order to become a good father.He used to be a top boxer, but he lost everything in a heartbreaking moment. All his hard earned money and fame vanished overnight.  After hitting rock bottom, he decides to gain control  of his life again  through mixed martial arts.(Source: MyDramaList)",7.7,946,32,"['Jang Hyuk', 'Son Yeo Eun', 'Shin Eun Soo', 'Ha Joon', 'Kim Jae Kyung', 'David Lee']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,MBC,Jin Chang Gyu,Kim Sung Min
824,Feel Good to Die,https://mydramalist.com/30975-happy-if-you-died,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Fantasy","Time Loop, Sassy Female Lead, Adapted From A Webtoon, Boss-Employee Relationship, Strong Female Lead, Satire, Male Chases Female First, Smart Female Lead, Life Lesson, Love Triangle ","Baek Jin Sang is Lee Roo Da’s boss and he works as a team leader of a company. The team members, including Lee Roo Da, do not like him at all. He is mean and arrogant to the employees. He always believes he is right. On the night of November 7th, Lee Roo Da has a dream of her boss being hit by a truck. The next morning she wakes up and finds that it is still November 7th.(Source: AsianWiki)~~ Adapted from the webtoon by Goldkiwisae / Im Seo Ra.",7.7,2663,32,"['Baek Jin Hee', 'Kang Ji Hwan', 'Gong Myung', 'Park Sol Mi', 'Ryu Hyun Kyung', 'In Gyo Jin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Lee Eun Jin,Im Seo Ra
825,Sunny Again Tomorrow,https://mydramalist.com/28480-tommorow-is-sunny-as-well,"Romance,  Drama","Mother-Daughter Relationship, Family Secret, Cold Man/Warm Woman, Hardworking Female Lead, Male Chases Female First, Disapproving Family, Fashion Industry, Soap Opera, Enemies To Lovers, Rich Male Lead ","Ha Nee has been working in part-time jobs after graduating from high school. One day, she gets a job at a TV home shopping channel but gets fired from that job. She then decides to start her own fashion company and becomes involved with Han Kyul, a merchandiser for the TV home shopping channel.(Source: MyDramaList)",7.7,788,121,"['Seol In Ah', 'Jin Joo Hyung', 'Ha Seung Ri', 'Lee Chang Wook', 'Yoon Bok In', 'Yoo Hyun Joo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS1,Uh Soo Sun,Kim Min Joo
826,"Bravo, My Life",https://mydramalist.com/721055-eurachacha-my-life,"Comedy,  Romance","Family Relationship, Single Mother Female Lead, Photographer Male Lead, Chasing A Dream, Raised By Aunt, Studied Abroad, Adopted Male Lead, Positive Female Lead, Hit And Run, Bright Female Lead ","Even though Seo Dong Hee comes from a poor family background, she has a bright and positive personality. She dreams of becoming a designer and slowly works her way to achieve her dream. She decides to become the mother of her nephew and raise him by herself. She also gets involved with Kang Cha Yeol. Kang Cha Yeol’s father runs a big company. His father wants him to work for his company, but Kang Cha Yeol doesn't want to. He wants to go back to the U.S., but he realizes he can't do anything without his father's financial support. His father tells Kang Cha Yeol to work for 1 year at his company.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.7,585,120,"['Nam Sang Ji', 'Yang Byeong Yeol', 'Lee Shi Kang', 'Cha Min Ji', 'Kim Hee Jung', 'Jo Mi Ryung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS1,Sung Joon Hae,Koo Ji Won
827,Do Do Sol Sol La La Sol,https://mydramalist.com/56655-dodosolsollalasol,"Music,  Comedy,  Romance,  Melodrama","Nice Male Lead, Male Chases Female First, Riches To Rags, Nice Female Lead, Hardworking Male Lead, Classical Music, Optimistic Female Lead, Hidden Identity, Bright Female Lead, Energetic Female Lead ","Goo Ra Ra is a naive rich girl, who dreams of being a great pianist with her father's love guiding her. But her path becomes rocky when her father passes away, and she finds herself going bankrupt. Being scammed of a home and needing an escape, she goes on a ride where she encounters an accident trying to avoid Sun Woo Joon, a diligent worker trying to make ends meet. Being hospitalized with a broken arm and no place to go, guilty Sun Woo Joon decides to take responsibility and take care of her. With Go Ra Ra’s naive personality, she slowly begins creeping into Sun Woo Joon's heart, while trying to deal with the challenges of living an adult life.(Source: Edenie at MyDramaList)",7.7,18560,16,"['Go Ah Ra', 'Lee Jae Wook', 'Kim Joo Heon', 'Ye Ji Won', 'Shin Eun Soo', 'Lee Soon Jae']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"KBS2,  Netflix","Kim Min Kyung,  Goo Sung Joon",Oh Ji Young
828,Ms. Temper & Nam Jung Gi,https://mydramalist.com/16391-ms.-temper-nam-jung-gi,"Business,  Comedy,  Life,  Drama","Naive Male Lead, Strong Female Lead, Boss-Employee Relationship, Smart Female Lead, Independent Female Lead, Eccentric Male Lead, Marketing Industry, Cosmetic Industry, Workplace Setting, Office Setting ","Although renowned as the youngest team supervisor in her company, Da Jung has been divorced three times already and is always surrounded by suspicion and disdain because of her bad temper. She is a strong and insensitive woman who doesn’t care that other people talk about her or that they call her ""Hot-tempered.” In contrast to the fiery Da Jung, Jung Gi is the timidest guy ever. Kind and inoffensive like a “Father Teresa,” he doesn’t say things other people may not like to hear and is seen as a pushover. After a dynamic series of twists and turns, Da Jung becomes Jung Gi’s new boss, and his rather peaceful life is about to face a tempestuous storm. “Hot-tempered"" Da Jung’s tyranny turns Jung Gi’s life upside down, but with more unexpected twists and turns, one timid man’s office survival story is about to shake things up as he takes on the world!(Source: JTBC)",7.6,2760,16,"['Lee Yo Won', 'Yoon Sang Hyun', 'Hwang Chan Sung', 'Hwang Bo Ra', 'Kim Sun Young', 'Song  Jae Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,Lee Hyung Min,Joo Hyun
829,To.Two,https://mydramalist.com/716919-to-two,"Thriller,  Psychological,  Youth","Student Supporting Character, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Antihero Male Lead, Teenager Supporting Character, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, Short Length Series, Social Media ",To.two is an extremely popular social media app with a catch; you can only get in based on invite. This web drama explores how this app creates social barriers between the students based on who can access the invite.(Source: nini at MyDramaList),7.6,697,8,"['Lee So Hee', 'Cha Yoo Jin', 'Son Jung Hun', 'Jo Seung Hee', 'Oh Min Su', 'Lee Hyo Bin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
830,The Promise,https://mydramalist.com/16287-the-promise,"Romance,  Melodrama","Soap Opera, Unexpected Pregnancy, Family Relationship, Separation At Birth, Miscarriage, Birth Secret, Revenge ","Lee Na Yeon is made an orphan when chaebol heiress, Park Yu Gyeong, causes the death of her mother, Lee Yu Nae, in a traffic accident. Yu Nae and Yu Gyeong had been rivals in love for the same man, Jang Gyeong Wan, with Yu Gyeong ensnaring him into marriage by claiming the child she is carrying is his. Jang attempts to make amends for abandoning his college sweetheart by trying to give the orphaned Nayeon a home, to the anger of Yu Gyeong and the jealousy of his daughter, Se Jin. When Na Yeon discovers evidence that her mother's death may be more than an accident, she forgoes the chance of a life of wealth and privilege for an orphanage. Taken in by the widow of the man who ran down her mother, Na Yeon grows up alongside Tae Jun, an impoverished but driven and academically brilliant young man who becomes the love of her life. However, he cheats on her for his own success and goes with Se Jin.(Source: Wikipedia)",7.7,990,102,"['Seo Joon Young', 'Lee Yoo Ri', 'Song Jong Ho', 'Park Ha Na', 'Lee Jong Won', 'Yoon Bok In']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Jeon Woo Sung,"Heo In Moo,  Kim Yeon Shin"
831,Entertainer,https://mydramalist.com/16827-entertainer,"Music,  Business,  Comedy,  Drama","Unrequited Love, Bromance, Entertainment Industry, Slight Romance, Older Man/Younger Woman, Band, Older Woman/Younger Man, Friendship, Idol Supporting Character, Idol Male Lead ","Seok Ho is a manager who finds success in raising a highly popular idol group. He hopes for more success as he plans to take his group and build his own label, but he eventually falls flat on his face. He deceives people to find his way back to the top and meets Ha Neul, who gave up dreams to become a singer after losing his parents. Having been wrongly convicted of a crime, he is in a state of despair when he meets Seok Ho. Meanwhile, Seok Ho seems untrustworthy to Ha Neul's sister, Geu Rin. To protect her younger brother, Geu Rin takes a break from her university to work several part-time jobs. But seeing her younger brother feel lifted from despair when he meets Seok Ho, Geu Rin is determined to become his manager as he embarks on an inspiring life project, the Entertainers.(Source: Viki)",7.7,7847,18,"['Ji Sung', 'Lee Hye Ri', 'Kang Min Hyuk', 'Chae Jung An', 'Gong Myung', 'Lee Tae Sun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Hong Sung Chang,  Lee Kwang Young",Yoo Young Ah
832,Heard It Through the Grapevine,https://mydramalist.com/12787-heard-it-through-the-grapevine,"Comedy,  Romance,  Melodrama","Teen Marriage, Family Pressure, Social Commentary, Unexpected Pregnancy, Teenage Pregnancy, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Rich Male Lead, Pregnancy, Social Satire, Satire ","Han Jeong Ho and Choi Yeon Hee are a wealthy couple from a prestigious family. Their reputation is suddenly turned upside down when their teenage son, Han In Sang, impregnates his girlfriend, Seo Bom, who is from an ordinary family. Bom is determined to endure being isolated from her own family and humiliation from her in-laws for the sake of her child's future, while In Sang struggles between his love for Bom and his family's high expectations.",7.6,1978,30,"['Yoo  Joon Sang', 'Yoo Ho Jung', 'Go Ah Sung', 'Lee Joon', 'Jang Hyun Sung', 'Yoon Bok In']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Ahn Pan Seok,Jung Sung Joo
833,Mimicus,https://mydramalist.com/724651-mimicus,"Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Idol Trainee, Friendship, High School, Idol Female Lead, Self-discovery, Performing Arts, Web Series, YouTuber Female Lead, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead ","Students at an arts high school strive to prove that they are the “real deal” amidst a culture where mimicking one another is the norm.Han Yoo Sung is a cold-hearted and upright son of a wealthy family who seems to have grown up in a bubble. But little do others know that underneath his prickly exterior is a student who is itching to show off his talents. He despises mimicking others or being mimicked himself, but he gets wrapped up in a strange rumour that claims he has been copying Ji Soo Bin, a famous trainee at a major entertainment company.Ji Soo Bin is the son of an entertainment company executive who is in the spotlight for being a famous trainee. Despite receiving so much attention, he is a mysterious character who actually has a secret he strives to keep under cover.Oh Ro Si is the center and the youngest member of the girl group ICE. Although she is loved for her amicable and easy-going personality, she receives poor treatment from her fellow members. When returning to school after her idol activities, she aims to find her own sense of identity.Shin Da Ra is a student who runs her own YouTube channel with videos documenting her daily life at the arts high school. She hates being alone and wants everyone to adore her. Shin Da Ra used to believe that friendship is defined by mimicking the person she likes, but she is challenged to rethink her approach after befriending Oh Ro Si and Han Yoo Sung.(Source: Soompi)",7.7,1166,16,"['Yoo Young Jae', 'Jo Yu Ri', 'Kim Yoon Woo', 'Nana', 'Oh Jae Woong', 'Kim Myung Chan']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Viki,Han Soo Ji,"Choi Sung Wook,  Jan Jin"
834,Green Mothers' Club,https://mydramalist.com/698691-green-mothers-club,"Mystery,  Drama","Motherhood, Adopted Supporting Character, Female Centered Plot, Professor Female Lead, Bilingual Supporting Character, Bilingual Female Lead, Detective Supporting Character, Child Supporting Character, Director Supporting Character, Doctor Supporting Character ","The 'Green Mothers Club' captures the friendship, motherhood, and growth of five mothers who met in the elementary community, each with a complex that they could not overcome. It is a story that recounts the definition of a friend who meet naturally, communicate, and share life, rather than organizational interests such as school or work. Each person lives differently, but is reminded of the 'beast realm' (instinct) called motherhood, and ponders the existence of a mother and a human being.(Source: entertain.v.daum.net)",7.7,1633,16,"['Lee Yo Won', 'Choo Ja Hyun', 'Kim Gyu Ri', 'Jang Hye Jin', 'Joo Min Kyung', 'Choi Jae Rim']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"jTBC,  Netflix",Ra Ha Na,Shin Yi Won
835,Resurrection,https://mydramalist.com/1180-resurrection,"Thriller,  Romance,  Drama","Identical Twin Male Lead, Police Officer Male Lead, Car Accident, Forbidden Love, Soap Opera, Hidden Identity, Revenge, Suspense ","Yu Gang Hyuk was only 7 years old when his father was murdered in a car ""accident"" and separated from his identical twin, Yu Shin Hyuk. He forgot his name and family and given the name Suh Ha Eun by his adopted father Suh Jae Soo. He falls in love with his adopted sister, Eun Ha and tried to be very honorable about it. He was led to become a cop because of his father's badge. While investigating an alleged case of suicide, he eventually learns of his twin brother. Against the warnings of his peers, Ha Eun becomes more and more involved in this suspicious case. As a part of a larger scheme, Ha Eun is targeted for a hit by unknown individuals. And when Ha Eun and Shin Hyuk finally meet for the first time in twenty years, the murderers kill Shin Hyuk accidentally mistaken him for Ha Eun. As a result, Ha Eun vows to get revenge by giving his enemies psychological torture and takes on his brother's persona as an undercover cop and that is where the drama begins.",7.7,463,24,"['Uhm Tae Woong', 'Han Ji Min', 'So Yi Hyun', 'Go Joo Won', 'Ahn Nae Sang', 'Lee Dae Yeon']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,KBS2,"Park Chan Hong,  Jun Chang Geun",Kim Ji Woo
836,Cheo Yong,https://mydramalist.com/7837-cheo-yong,"Mystery,  Drama,  Supernatural","Ghost-seeing Male Lead, Investigation, Spirit Possession, Death, Murder, Attempted Murder, Attempted Suicide, Revenge, Attempted Assault, Slight Romance ","Yoon Cheo Yong has been able to see ghosts since birth. Once the ace of the violent crimes unit, seven years ago, he lost both his family and his partner in a traumatic incident that caused him to quit his department. Now he works as a district cop, but without any interest or will to engage with the world; “starved for love,” he’s completely lonely. Then one day, he accidentally talks back to the ghost of a high school girl, and things get complicated. The show follows Cheo Yong as he works with his female detective partner and that ghost girl to solve mysterious cases.",7.7,2043,10,"['Oh Ji Ho', 'Oh Ji Eun', 'Jeon Hyo Sung', 'Yoo Seung Mok', 'Yeon Je Wook', 'Yoo Min Kyu']",Not Yet Rated,OCN,Unknown,Hong Seung Hyun
837,Damo,https://mydramalist.com/1117-damo,"Historical,  Mystery,  Romance,  Martial Arts","Joseon Dynasty, Investigation, Separated Family, Star Crossed Lovers, Escaping, Flashback To Past, Martial Arts Master, Wrongfully Accused, Sword-fight, Prison Escape ","This series and our heroine took place in the Joseon Dynasty. Chae Ok was separated from her brother when her father, a nobleman, was accused of treason. She managed to make her way and becomes a Damo, a low ranked woman detective. Skilled in swordplay, she must not only fight crime but face inequality for her status in society. Her brother grew up to be a rebel leader fighting against social injustice, and both brother and sister faced off against each other on the opposite side of the law.(Source: DramaWiki)~~ Adapted from the manhwa “Damo” (조선조 여형사 다모) by Bang Hak Gi (방학기).",7.7,1218,14,"['Ha Ji Won', 'Lee Seo Jin', 'Kim Min Joon', 'Noh Hyun Hee', 'Lee Moon Shik', 'Kwon Yong Woon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Lee Jae Gyoo,"Baek Hak Ki,  Jung Hyung Soo"
838,Monthly Magazine Home,https://mydramalist.com/59909-monthly-house,"Business,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Rich Male Lead, Hardworking Male Lead, Love Triangle, Cohabitation, Rags To Riches, Overbearing CEO, Poor Female Lead, Boss-Employee Relationship, Sismance, Rich Man/Poor Woman ","Na Young Won is a successful senior editor at the hit monthly magazine Monthly House. Although her glittering journalistic career spans a decade, her home situation is not quite as idyllic as those she spends her time reporting on. In fact, she lives alone in a rented house and happily makes adjustments as she sees fit. But when the magazine’s CEO Yoo Ja Sung buys the house and becomes her fussy new landlord, she is in for a shock.Yoo Ja Sung proves to be a very difficult landlord to keep happy. He grew up in poverty, initially working in the construction industry, but determined to make his fortune through real estate investment. For him, buying the house Na Young Won lives in is little more than another financial transaction. But as the duo starts to get to know one another, their attitudes toward the real estate market – and one another – start to change. Suddenly, Na Young Won starts to ask herself if she would be better off buying her own house...or beginning on an unlikely romance with her firm’s CEO!(Source: Viki)",7.7,4400,16,"['Kim Ji Suk', 'Jung So Min', 'Jung Gun Joo', 'Kim Won Hae', 'Chae Jung An', 'Ahn Chang Hwan']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"iQiyi,  jTBC",Lee Chang Min,Myung Soo Hyun
839,Casting a Spell to You,https://mydramalist.com/23113-mojito,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Nyctophobia, Web Series, Mental Illness, Phobia ","Ji Woo, a spoiled young man, comes home after hearing that his grandfather, a wealthy businessman, died. He expected a large inheritance, but he only got an old building filled with books. Mastering only in having fun, Ji Woo comes up with an idea: turn the building into a bar that only sells the drink during the day. And he recruits Joong Hee, a young woman who somehow gets involved in a few happenings with him. Joong Hee dreamed of entering the culinary school in France, but she recently lost all her savings to a scam and had a few whirlwind days because of Ji Woo. To save money again, Joong Hee reluctantly agrees to join Ji Woo's outlandish project 'Siesta.'(Source: OnDemandKorea)",7.7,624,16,"['Sung Joon', 'Im Ji Yeon', 'Baek Sung Hyun', 'Kim Yoon Hye', 'Choi Sung Joon', 'Kangnam']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
840,My Woofy Poofy Love,https://mydramalist.com/29942-my-woofy-poofy-love,"Romance,  Drama,  Fantasy","Shapeshifter Male Lead, Dog, Miniseries, Interspecies Romance, Web Series, Nice Male Lead, Cohabitation, Short Length Series, Steamy Kiss, Housemates' Relationship ",Ah Jung is an un-employed young woman who is looking for a roommate. Her tendency to be over affectionate with boyfriends irritates them and the latest boyfriend also dumps her at a coffee shop. Coffee shop manager co-worker Geum Dol has a special ability to shapeshift into a dog and he offers comfort to heartbroken Ah Jung as a dog. What will Ah Jung do when she finds the truth?(Source: MyDramaList),7.7,839,8,"['Kim Do Hoon', 'Chae Ji An', 'New Sun', 'Hong Seung Bum', 'Moon Jin Seung', 'Choi Ji Woong']",G - All Ages,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
841,Bad Guy,https://mydramalist.com/76-bad-guy-2010,"Thriller,  Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Antihero Male Lead, Chairman/Chairwoman Supporting Character, Consultant Female Lead, Stuntman Male Lead, Troublemaker Male Lead, Badass Male Lead, Weak Female Lead, Rich Female Lead, Poor Female Lead, Smart Male Lead ","Shim Gun Wook is a stuntman whose secretly plotting revenge against Haeshinm Group, a large corporation to whom Hong Tae Sung is the heir. As he works to destroy the family by first seducing the youngest daughter, Hong Mo Ne, he finds himself at a crossroad when Mun Jae In enters his life. Determined to correct the wrong, Gun Wook is about to risk it all, and take down anyone who gets in his way.",7.6,4449,17,"['Kim Nam Gil', 'Oh Yeon Soo', 'Han Ga In', 'Kim Jae Wook', 'Jung So Min', 'Lee A In']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Lee Hyung Min,  Lee Jong Jae","Kim Jae Eun,  Kim Sung Hee"
842,Bad Guys,https://mydramalist.com/21615-bad-guys-age-of-evil,"Action,  Mystery,  Crime,  Political","Prosecutor Male Lead, Scheme, Teamwork, Strong Male Lead, Power Struggle, Smart Male Lead, Street Fight, Corruption, Gang, Revenge ","Using bad guys to catch bad guys, a prosecutor recruits a team of criminals in order to crush a corrupted organization with extreme measures.(Source: tvN Asia)",7.6,2086,16,"['Yang Ik Jun', 'Park Joong Hoon', 'Joo Jin Mo', 'Kim Mu Yeol', 'Kim Ji Soo', 'Choi Gwi Hwa']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,OCN,Han Dong Hwa,Han Jung Hoon
843,Ballad of Seo Dong,https://mydramalist.com/3726-ballad-of-seo-dong,"Historical,  Romance","Baekje Dynasty, Silla Dynasty, King Male Lead, Princess Female Lead, Historical Fiction, Royalty, Birth Secret ","This drama is loosely based on one of Korea's oldest folk songs. Suh Dong was the illegitimate son of the Baekje king and with the help of Princess Sun Hwa, the daughter of the king of the Silla, he went on to become the king of Baekje against all odds.",7.6,251,55,"['Jo Hyun Jae', 'Lee Bo Young', 'Ryu Jin', 'Kim Young Ho', 'Lee Chang Hoon', 'Gu Hye Seon']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Lee Byung Hoon,Kim Young Hyun
844,Queen of Ambition,https://mydramalist.com/4997-queen-of-ambition,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Greed, Revenge, Manipulative Female Lead, Femme Fatale, Orphan Female Lead, Orphan Male Lead, Marriage Of Convenience, Adapted From A Manhwa, Abusive Parents, Tragic Past ","When you grow up in extreme poverty, the experience can instill a steely resolve to succeed at all costs. Joo Da Hae is determined to leave her life of poverty behind and will stop at nothing until she achieves the wealth and lifestyle she so desires. Ha Ryu, who loved Da Hae and would have done anything for her, is used and betrayed by her in her greedy quest. He later becomes a public prosecutor who must bring her down. But the heartless Da Hae, who rises to become First Lady, has plenty of others who will sacrifice themselves at her whim, including the smitten Baek Do Hoon. Can the ruthless Da Hae be stopped before she goes too far?(Source: Viki)",7.6,1702,24,"['Park Soo Ae', 'Kwon Sang Woo', 'U-Know', 'Kim Sung Ryung', 'Go Joon Hee', 'Jung Ho Bin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Jo Young Kwang,  Park Shin Woo,  Jo Nam Gook",Lee Hee Myung
845,Dr. Frost,https://mydramalist.com/7720-dr.-frost,"Mystery,  Psychological,  Drama,  Medical","Emotional Blunting, Eccentric Male Lead, Adapted From A Webtoon, Disability, Cold Male Lead, Miniseries, Investigation ","Dr. Frost became a professor in psychology at an early age. He is extremely bright but has difficulties sympathizing and connecting with others due to an injury to his frontal lobe as a child. During the day he works as a counselor at a University counseling center, and at night he works as a bartender.Dr. Frost begins to work with a new teaching assistant, Yoon Sung Ah, at the counseling center. Yoon Sung Ah is enthusiastic with the clients needing counseling and does not struggle with connecting with others. The two of them work together to solve problems of the people who go to them for help.~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Dr. Frost"" (닥터 프로스트) by Lee Jong Bum (이종범).",7.6,2871,10,"['Song Chang Eui', 'Jung Eun Chae', 'Lee Yoon Ji', 'Sung Ji Ru', 'Choi Jung Woo', 'Yoo Geon']",Not Yet Rated,OCN,Sung Yong Il,Unknown
846,Dark Hole,https://mydramalist.com/53097-dark-hole,"Action,  Thriller,  Horror,  Sci-Fi","Hallucination, Monsters, Strong Female Lead, Supernatural, Smart Male Lead, Survival, Death, Calm Male Lead, Shamanism, Smart Female Lead ","About a group of survivors who have to fight for their lives against mutants that are created when humans breathe mysterious dark smoke from a sinkhole.Lee Hwa Sun is a police detective in the Seoul regional investigation unit. Lee Hwa Sun’s life is turned upside down when she receives a phone call from her husband’s murderer, telling her to come to “Mujishi.” However, the people in Mujishi have been transformed into monsters after breathing in a mysterious dark smoke. Lee Hwa Sun must not only fight to survive but also battle her fear in order to capture her husband’s murderer.Yoo Tae Han is a native of Mujishi and a wrecked car driver. He has a carefree personality and likes to joke around, but he has a strong sense of justice. He quit being a police officer due to a scandal caused by a misunderstanding, but he is proud of his days in the force. When he meets Lee Hwa Sun in the chaos of Mujishi, he devotes his life to saving others from danger.(Source: Naver, Soompi)",7.6,3648,12,"['Kim Ok Bin', 'Lee Joon Hyuk', 'Park Keun Rok', 'Oh Yu Jin', 'Song Sang Eun', 'Lee Ye Bit']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"OCN,  tvN",Kim Bong Joo,Jung Yi Do
847,Big Bet Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/744353-big-bet-season-2,"Action,  Crime,  Drama","Co-produced, Filmed Abroad, Gambling, Miniseries ","Cha Moo Sik is the primary suspect in a ten-billion-dollar heist and two killings, hence getting imprisoned and deported to his home country, South Korea. He returns to the Philippines a year later in an attempt to seek vengeance on those who wrongfully accused him. In answer to his enquiries concerning the deaths of Philip and So Jung, as well as Chairman Min's death, he places one last bet on his life. (Source: Maeil Business Newspaper, edited by Krystale Mitaesa)~~ Co-production with the U.S.A.",7.6,359,8,"['Choi Min Shik', 'Son Suk Ku', 'Lee Dong Hwi', 'Heo Sung Tae', 'Kim Joo Ryoung', 'Kim Hong Pa']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),"Disney+,  Hulu",Kang Yoon Sung,Unknown
848,Dal Ja's Spring,https://mydramalist.com/1116-dal-jas-spring,"Business,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Older Woman/Younger Man, Contract Relationship, Independent Female Lead, Enemies To Friends, Airhead Female Lead, Workplace Setting, Age Gap [Drama Life], Age Gap [Real Life], Time Skip, Slice Of Life ","The drama aims to comically and candidly portray the reality and undying pursuit of the romance of a thirty-something single woman. It also highlights the life and work of women in their thirties through Dal Ja, a 33-year old talented managing director at a home shopping channel, who finds herself at a crossroads of whether to remain single or get married before she gets older.Tae Bong, a hunk six years younger than Dal Ja, works as substitute dates and becomes Dal Ja's fake boyfriend.Gi Joong is the type who dreams of an ideal and rational courtship.The love triangle of Dal Ja, Tae Bong, and Gi Joong brews conflicts over love versus marriage.",7.6,3519,22,"['Chae Rim', 'Lee Min Ki', 'Lee Hye Young', 'Gong Hyung Jin', 'Lee Hyun Woo', 'Kim Na Woon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Lee Jae Sang,  Park Chan Yool",Kang Eun Kyung
849,Crushes Reverse,https://mydramalist.com/32585-crushes-reverse,"Romance,  Life,  Youth","Friends To Lovers, High School, Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series, Friendship, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead ","Yoo Somi likes her sister's boyfriend Nam Dong Yoon, but her best friend is Nam Dong Yoon's little brother Nam Dong Ha. How does their love story change?",7.6,327,8,"['Kim Si Eun', 'Jung Hyo Jun', 'Jung Soo Hwan', 'Park Eun Byul', 'Kim Young Dae', 'Lee Ha Young']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
850,The Heavenly Idol,https://mydramalist.com/729161-the-high-priest-rembrary,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Fantasy","Transmigration, Idol Male Lead, Body Swap, Priest Male Lead, Music Industry, Adapted From A Web Novel, Panic Disorder, Fish Out Of Water, Quirky Humour, Slow Burn Romance ","Pontifex Rembrary, a character known for his divine powers, gets transported to a new world while fighting a devil. He possesses the body of Woo Yeon Woo, a member of an unpopular idol group, and helps turn the group's fortunes around after a disastrous live performance. With his charisma and divine powers, he becomes popular among fans but faces challenges from his past, contending with strange religious groups and the devil. (Source: CK Warrior at  MyDramaList)~~ Adapted from the web novel ""Holy Idol"" (성스러운 아이돌) by Sin Hwa Jin (신화진).",7.6,8092,12,"['Kim Min Gue', 'Go Bo Gyeol', 'Lee Jang Woo', 'Ye Ji Won', 'Park Sang Nam', 'Choi Jae Hyun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"TVING,  tvN",Lee So Yoon,Lee Chun Geum
851,Fermentation Family,https://mydramalist.com/2989-fermentation-family,"Food,  Mystery,  Romance,  Family","Restaurant Setting, Gangster Male Lead, Chef Female Lead, Sisters' Relationship, Flashback To Past, Hidden Past, Orphan Male Lead, Family Relationship, Tragic Past, Investigation ","This drama tells the story of the family of Chunjiin (Heaven, Earth and Man), who own a traditional restaurant famous for its Kimchi, and their suspicious guests. As an abandoned child, Ho Tae grew up in an orphanage and became a gangster. One day, he becomes fascinated by Chunjiin when he visits the place, but is attacked by opposing thugs, only to be saved by Kang San, a daughter of the restaurant’s owner. After Kang San accepts Ho Tae into her family, he begins to grow attached to the place and his new surroundings, gradually recovering long-lost memories of his childhood. This heartwarming story depicts love, Kimchi philosophy, and the struggles the Chunjiin family face as they try to deal with the threat of rival restaurants. It also deals with Ho Tae’s dark past which comes back to haunt him, and the mystery of Kang San’s father, who abruptly disappears as Ho Tae is accepted into the family.(Source: JTBC)",7.6,854,24,"['Song Il Gook', 'Park Jin Hee', 'Lee Min Young', 'Kim Young Hoon', 'Kim Byung Chun', 'Hwang Young Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,Park Chan Hong,Kim Ji Woo
852,Who Are You,https://mydramalist.com/7327-who-are-you-2013,"Mystery,  Horror,  Romance,  Supernatural","Ghost-seeing Female Lead, Older Woman/Younger Man, Murder, Amnesia, Ghost, Suspense, Death, Strong Female Lead, Love Triangle, Investigation ","A story between Yang Shi On, a woman who is able to see spirits after waking up from a 6-year long coma and Cha Gun Woo, a man who only believes in solid evidence. The two detectives come to understand each other as they try to help the spirits attached to objects at a lost-and-found center rest in peace.This drama will feature a love triangle between spirits and humans. Si Oh On's dead boyfriend Lee Hyung Joon will appear as a spirit, perfecting the supernatural romance with Si On and Gun Woo. Hyung Joon was an elite member of the police force, but lost his life following an unfortunate accident",7.6,8558,16,"['So Yi Hyun', 'Ok Taec Yeon', 'Kim Jae Wook', 'Kim Chang Wan', 'Noh Young Hak', 'Kim Ye Won']",Not Yet Rated,tvN,Jo Hyun Taek,"Ban Ki Ri,  Moon Ji Young"
853,God of War,https://mydramalist.com/3146-god-of-war,"Military,  Adventure,  Historical,  Drama","Slave Male Lead, Historical Fiction, Mongol Empire, Yuan Dynasty, Goryeo Dynasty, War ","This drama is a about a man who was born to the slave class during the Goryeo Dynasty, overruling the feudalist government that had been in power for over 60 years and becomes the most powerful man in the country.",7.6,309,56,"['Kim Gyu Ri', 'Park  Sang Min', 'Kim  Joo Hyuk', 'Jeong Bo Seok', 'Park Hae Soo', 'Noh Young Gook']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,"Kim Heung Dong,  Kim Jin Min",Lee Hwan Kyung
854,Can I Step In?,https://mydramalist.com/683763-can-i-step-in,"Mystery,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Housemates' Relationship, Short Length Series, Multiple Mains, Miniseries, Tsundere, Cohabitation, Web Series, Love Triangle, Investigation, Friendship ","Five males reside in one house, living to their hearts content until a female joins them and they have to learn to adapt to each other. Five different kinds of relationships bloom from then onward.(Source: MyDramaList)",7.6,974,10,"['Hwang Bo Reum Byeol', 'Kim Hyo Jin', 'J-US', 'E-Tion', 'Wyatt', 'MK']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
855,Little Girl K,https://mydramalist.com/2911-little-girl-k,"Action,  Thriller","Badass Female Lead, Miniseries, Strong Female Lead, Antiheroine Female Lead, Hitwoman Female Lead, Gun Violence, Brief Nudity, Skilled Killer, Assassination, Mother-Daughter Relationship ",Cha Yeon Jin is a high school girl whose outwardly normal existence and reticent character masks her true identity: she is a professional assassin who is seeking out her biological father in order to avenge her mother.(Source: koreandrama),7.6,2056,3,"['Han Groo', 'Kim Jeong Tae', 'Park  Hyo Joo', 'Baek Do Bin', 'Jeon Mi Seon', 'Kim Dong Jun']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),CGV,Unknown,Unknown
856,Mirror of the Witch,https://mydramalist.com/16997-mirror-of-the-witch,"Historical,  Romance,  Medical,  Fantasy","Joseon Dynasty, Magic, Black Magic, Curse, Nice Male Lead, Revenge, Noble Woman/Common Man, Witch Female Lead, Age Gap [Real Life], Princess Female Lead ","A historical fantasy drama about a young man finding his way and love for a forgotten princess. Heo Jun faces discrimination as an illegitimate son and gives up on his natural talents, intelligence, and passion for academia. Succumbing to the limits of his social status, he resorts to making as much money as he can by using his good looks and witty charm. Meanwhile, Queen Sim is unable to conceive and she seeks the help of a shaman whose black magic enables her to have twins - a boy and a girl.However, the daughter, Seo Ri, is put under a curse and abandoned deep in the mountains, where one day, she meets Heo Jun. The curse of the abandoned princess is that whoever falls in love with her will die. Seo Ri tries to find a cure for her curse and along the way, creates magical treatments that help cure sick people. Unfortunately, Heo Jun accidentally sets the book of magic on fire, and he stays in the mountains with Seori to try to help heal the sick in a mountain village. As Heo Jun’s passion for medicine grows, he decides to become a doctor. As he sees Seo Ri fight against her destiny, his affinity for her grows, and he too begins to believe that he can change his destiny.(Source: JTBC)",7.6,7717,20,"['Yoon Shi Yoon', 'Kim Sae Ron', 'Yeom Jung Ah', 'Lee Sung Jae', 'Kwak Shi Yang', 'Mun Ka Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,Jo Hyun Taek,Yang Hyuk Moon
857,Legal High,https://mydramalist.com/31464-legal-high,"Mystery,  Comedy,  Law,  Drama","Eccentric Male Lead, Strong Female Lead, Sismance, Satire, Greed, Slight Romance, Eccentric Female Lead, Rivalry, Naive Female Lead, Multiple Mains ","Go Tae Rim is a lawyer. He is arrogant and makes biting remarks, but he has a 100% winning rate. He can't even imagine ever losing a case and winning cases is the most important thing to him. His attorney's fee is obscenely high. Meanwhile, Seo Jae In is a gung-ho rookie lawyer. She wants to help clients trapped in unfair situations. Seo Jae In realizes that lawyers who do not win cases are useless and she decides to work with Go Tae Rim.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.6,1626,16,"['Jin Goo', 'Seo Eun Soo', 'Yoon Park', 'Chae Jung An', 'Jung Sang Hoon', 'Lee Soon Jae']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"jTBC,  Viki",Kim Jung Hyun,Park Sung Jin
858,High Class,https://mydramalist.com/680961-high-class,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Drama","Rich Female Lead, Lying, Murder, Death, High Class Society, Female Rivalry, Deception, Multiple Mains, Suspense, Dark Fiction ","A mystery suspense drama about the dangerous lies and hypocrisies hidden behind the perfect lives of the women who live in the top 0.1 percent of society.Song Yeo Wool, who loses everything when she is framed for her husband’s murder. Nam Ji Sun, the “queen bee” among the mothers at the international school where Song Yeo Wool’s son attends. Danny Oh, a teacher at the school and a former ice hockey player. Hwang Na Yoon, a single mother who is the only one who is friendly to Song Yeo Wool. Cha Do Young, a former top actress who follows Nam Ji Sun around because she wants to be back in the spotlight.(Source: Soompi)",7.6,1440,16,"['Cho Yeo Jung', 'Kim Jee Soo', 'Park Se Jin', 'Ha Joon', 'Gong Hyun Joo', 'Lee Ka Eun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Ashbun,Unknown
859,Drinking Solo,https://mydramalist.com/18980-drinking-solo,"Food,  Comedy,  Romance","Rich Man/Poor Woman, Older Woman/Younger Man, Love Triangle, Co-workers' Relationship, Professor Female Lead, Professor Male Lead, Hardship, Arrogant Male Lead, Popular Male Lead, Civil Exam ","The story depicts people drinking alcohol alone for different reasons and the romance between Jin Jeong Seok and Park Ha Na. They both work at a private institute for people preparing for their civil service examinations in Noryangjin, Seoul. He is an arrogant, but popular instructor and she is a rookie instructor who struggles to survive in the private institute world.",7.6,6204,16,"['Ha Seok Jin', 'Park Ha Sun', 'Hwang Woo Seul Hye', 'Gong Myung', 'Key', 'Kim Won Hae']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,"Choi Kyu Shik,  Jung Hyung Geon","Baek Sun Woo,  Myung Soo Hyun,  Choi Bo Rim"
860,Real,https://mydramalist.com/65565-real-time-love-3,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Sitcom","High School, Web Series, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Best Friends' Relationship, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, Short Length Series, Fake Relationship ","After ten years of being best friends, it has been six months that they have become an honest and confident couple. But because of a mistake, they started a secret relationship? A web sitcom about the real love of nineteen-year-old students.(Source: Kpopmap)",7.6,569,8,"['Park Si Young', 'Choi Hyun Wook', 'Lee Won Jung', 'Heo Won Seo', 'Park Ji Young', 'Kim Do Ah']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Unknown,Unknown
861,Pumpkin Time,https://mydramalist.com/700555-pumpkin-time,"Romance,  Youth,  Sports,  Fantasy","Gender Swap, Miniseries, Nice Male Lead, First Love, Transfer Student Male Lead, School Setting, Childhood Friends' Relationship, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, Return From Abroad ","Growing up, Kang Tae Joo and Shin Hae Won were practically inseparable. The best of friends, the two elementary school boys shared a fanatic love of baseball and enjoyed nothing more than spending their time utterly immersed in the game. Though Tae Joo and Hae Won believed they would be together forever, fate decided it had other plans. After his parents announce he is moving to the United States, Tae Joo has no choice but to say goodbye to Hae Won. Despondent over being forced to leave his best friend behind, Tae Joo is determined to someday see Hae Won again. As the years pass, Tae Joo never gives up hope of being reunited with his childhood friend. As suddenly as he once had to say goodbye, Tae Joo now finds himself back in Korea where he wastes no time in searching for his best friend. Tracking Hae Won down, Tae Joo is shocked beyond words to discover that his childhood best friend is now a high school girl! Will this unexpected switch change their relationship forever?(Source: Viki)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Pumpkin Time"" (펌킨타임) by Gaedarae (개다래).",7.6,1074,10,"['Shin Hyun Seung', 'Lee Soo Min', 'Choi Yu Jin', 'Yeo One', 'Nam Kyu Hee', 'Seo Yi Seo']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Daum Kakao TV,Kang Min Gu,Unknown
862,Six Love Story,https://mydramalist.com/28697-six-love-story,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","Miniseries, Unrequited Love, Web Series, Tutor Male Lead, Student-Teacher Relationship, First Love, Short Length Series, High School To College ",Soo Yeon will take her college entrance exam soon. She is bad at math so her mother hires a teacher to prepare her for college entrance exam.(Source: mijumaru at MyDramaList),7.6,184,4,"['Jae Hyeong', 'Jo Hyun Jung']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
863,Backstreet Rookie,https://mydramalist.com/49709-convenience-store-venus,"Action,  Business,  Comedy,  Romance","Hardworking Female Lead, Badass Female Lead, Boss-Employee Relationship, Female Chases Male First, Nice Female Lead, Adapted From A Webtoon, Strong Female Lead, Misunderstanding, Slow Burn Romance, Clumsy Male Lead ","Jung Saet Byul is a 22-year-old, beautiful four-dimensional girl with amazing fighting skills, loves her friends, family, and retro fashion. Although boys are lining up to date her, she only looks at Choi Dae Hyun, a handsome convenience store owner. Three years ago, he became imprinted upon her as an 'unforgettable person' after a cigarette errand. Flash forward to the present; Jung Saet Byul applies for a part-time position at Choi Dae Hyun's convenience store. There their love story begins as they heal the wounds of the heart, gain love, and become adults dreaming of the future. (Source: SBS)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Convenience Store Saet Byul"" by Hwalhwasan.",7.6,22300,16,"['Ji Chang Wook', 'Kim Yoo Jung', 'Han Sun Hwa', 'Do Sang Woo', 'Ahn Sol Bin', 'Kim Min Gue']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"iQiyi,  SBS",Lee Myung Woo,Son Geun Joo
864,Flowers for My Life,https://mydramalist.com/1431-flowers-for-my-life,"Romance,  Life,  Drama","Mistaken Identity, Funeral Home Setting, Cohabitation, Terminal Illness, Strong Female Lead, Poor Male Lead, Lying ","Having grown up in a funeral home, Ha Na is immune to the range of human emotion. Money is the only thing she really loves. One day she comes up with a scheme: She’ll find a terminally ill guy who also happens to be fabulously rich, marry him, and then inherit his fortune after he goes to the great beyond. But nothing goes according to plan, and instead of a rich man whose money she can inherit, she meets Ho Sang, a man with ulterior motives of his own. Penniless and on the run from gangsters, he’s taken on the identity of a wealthy dead man. When she discovers that Ho Sang has been diagnosed with incurable cancer, a deceived Ha Na adopts him as her lucky stiff. The problem? She doesn’t know that he’s even poorer than she is. And he doesn’t know that he has cancer.",7.6,384,16,"['Cha Tae Hyun', 'Kang Hye Jung', 'Kim Ji Hoon', 'Gong Hyun Joo', 'Lee Jung Gil', 'Kim Hye Ok']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Ji Young Soo,Unknown
865,Let Me Introduce Her,https://mydramalist.com/29241-about-her,"Mystery,  Psychological,  Romance,  Melodrama","Living With In-laws, Broadcasting Industry, Post-traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD), News Presenter Male Lead, Psychopath Supporting Character, Doctor Male Lead, Competent Male Lead, Flashback To Past, Tough Female Lead, Secondary Couple ","In order to live, a woman named Eun Han risks her life by going through a dangerous surgical procedure for a new face. However, due to the after-effects of surgery, she loses her memory. She tries to find the missing pieces of her memory and while suffering from a different face and not knowing about herself, Kang Woo appears in front of her. Kang Woo has been hurt as his lover left him. He suffers as his relationship with his father gets worse. Like they were destined, Eun Han and Kang Woo reunite. He becomes determined to help Eun Han find her memory. As they work together, Kang Woo slowly opens up his closed heart to Eun Han. Meanwhile, Chan Ki, the morning news anchor, lives a perfect life. However, he seems to have a dark side which no one would have ever imagined. This mystery melodrama takes people to unexpected places with unexpected people.( Source: Viki)",7.6,1242,40,"['Nam Sang Mi', 'Kim Jae Won', 'Jo Hyun Jae', 'Lee Mi Sook', 'Han Da Gam', 'Lee Shi Ah']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Park Kyung Ryul,Park Eon Hee
866,Person Who Gives Happiness,https://mydramalist.com/21598-person-who-gives-happiness,"Romance,  Family","Actress Female Lead, Age Gap [Drama Life], Age Gap [Real Life], Famous Female Lead, Multiple Mains, Mother-Son Relationship, Older Woman/Younger Man, Unrequited Love, Marriage ","There are three different mothers. Park Bok Ae is a selfish mother who would do anything to ensure that her children have a better life even if it inflicts pain on others. The cold-hearted Kim Ja Gyung is an actress who abandons her own son at birth in order to pursue her acting career. Then there is Im Eun Hee who adopts a boy and becomes a mother even if she never experienced what it was like to have a family. This TV miniseries revolves around a foster mother who struggles to protect her child from the biological mother who tries to take the child back after learning that her child has become a top child actor, making a lot of money. The story unfolds as the foster mom battles with the biological parent over custody. At the same time, Gun Woo's unchanging love towards Eun Hee proves that she is someone who deserves much love.(Source: MBC)",7.6,304,118,"['Lee Yoon Ji', 'Jo Yeon Ho', 'Son Seung Won', 'Kim  Mi Kyung', 'Lee Ha Yul', 'Ha Yun Joo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Park Seung Woo,  Lee Sung Joon",Park Ji Hyun
867,IN-SEOUL,https://mydramalist.com/39199-in-seoul,"Youth,  Drama","High School To College, Mother-Daughter Relationship, Slight Romance, Secret Crush, High School, Web Series, Friendship, Student Supporting Character, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead ","It is a growth drama that talks about the love-hate relationship between a mother and her high school daughter (in her last year), who are living just the two of them.The story is about the mother who constantly attacks her daughter about the fact that she has no sense of reality and her daughter who dreams of entering a university in Seoul to gain independence from such a mother.(Source: kpopmap.com)",7.6,1118,15,"['Min Do Hee', 'Jang Young Nam', 'Ryeoun', 'Jin Ye Ju', 'Jung Eun Pyo', 'Jeong Seon Yul']",Not Yet Rated,"jTBC,  vLive",Im Ji Eun,Jung Soo Yoon
868,Melting Me Softly,https://mydramalist.com/34063-let-me-melt,"Mystery,  Comedy,  Romance,  Sci-Fi","Steamy Kiss, Family Relationship, Illness, Strong Female Lead, Successful Male Lead, Older Man/Younger Woman, Opposites Attract, Boss-Employee Relationship, Investigation, Human Experimentation ","This drama tells the story of a man and a woman who are both frozen during an experiment. They wake up 20 years later instead of 24 hours later and must keep their body temperature below 33°C in order to survive.Ma Dong Chan  is known in the entertainment world as a “hit maker.” A very successful producer of variety programs when every project he attaches himself to turns into a ratings juggernaut, Dong Chan is considered “a manly specimen of manhood, with perfect physical and handsome features who is coldly cool in work and hot in love.” The broadcast station where PD Ma’s productions are filmed also employs part-timer Go Mi Ran, who finds herself in a bind with debt collectors harassing her family for repayment of her family’s debts.Mi Ran eventually becomes involved with PD Ma’s new variety program entitled “24-Hour Frozen Human Project,” which revolves around an experiment where a man and woman are randomly chosen to be “frozen human specimens” and scheduled to be brought back within 24 hours of their entering the freezing chambers. In order to pay off her family debts, Mi Ran accepts an offer of 5 million won (approx. $4,200 USD) in exchange for being frozen for 24 hours. Due to a mysterious conspiracy, instead of being frozen for 24 hours, they remain frozen for 20 years. Their thawing 20 years later bring up personal difficulties that were in place before entering the freezing chamber that they must resolve before resuming their normal lives.(Source: koreandrama.org)",7.6,21902,16,"['Ji Chang Wook', 'Won Jin Ah', 'Yoon Se Ah', 'Im Won Hee', 'Shim Hyung Tak', 'Kim Won Hae']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Shin Woo Cheol,Baek Mi Kyung
869,Protect the Boss,https://mydramalist.com/2658-protect-the-boss,"Business,  Comedy,  Romance,  Melodrama","Boss-Employee Relationship, Strong Female Lead, Sismance, Love Square, Phobia, Eccentric Male Lead, Childish Male Lead, Ex-girlfriend Comes Back, Sassy Female Lead, Male Chases Female First ","No Eun Seol finally gets a job as a secretary at a law firm after struggling with unemployment, only to have her boss, Cha Ji Heon, the immature youngest son of a chaebol family, fall in love with her.",7.6,15891,18,"['Choi Kang Hee', 'Ji Sung', 'Kim Jae Joong', 'Wang Ji Hye', 'Lee Hee Won', 'Park Young Gyu']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Son Jung Hyun,Kwon Ki Young
870,Gye Baek,https://mydramalist.com/2790-gye-baek,"Historical,  Romance,  Drama","Historical Fiction, Sword-fight, Baekje Dynasty, Silla Dynasty ","Gye Baek was born as the son of Mu Jin, a student and guard of Baekje’s King Mu, but because of his father being falsely accused, he grew up as a commoner in the market streets.There, he meets a merchant named Eun Go and he falls in love with her. One day, after getting caught up fighting in the mountains, Gye Baek is lowered to become a war slave and becomes a prisoner of war for Silla. At Silla, he reunites with Uija who came as an envoy and learns there is a great secret about his father’s death. Though King Uija and Gye Baek have a strong friendship, they both have feelings for Eun Go at the same time. Gye Baek’s loyalty to Baekje and King Uija completes a history page. What will the situation be in the relationship of Uija and Gye Baek with Eun Go in between?",7.6,475,36,"['Lee Seo Jin', 'Song Ji Hyo', 'Oh Yeon Soo', 'Jo Jae Hyun', 'Choi Jong Hwan', 'Kim Joong Ki']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Lee Sung Joon,Jung Hyung Soo
871,The Fabulous,https://mydramalist.com/712411-fabulous,"Business,  Comedy,  Romance,  Life","Fashion Industry, Modeling, Friendship, Found Family, Long Time Friends, Second Chance Romance, Friends To Lovers, Model Female Lead, Miniseries, Photographer Male Lead ","A story of people who have devoted their lives to the fashion industry and struggle to survive there.Ji Woo Min is a freelance retoucher, who is responsible for improving photographs. He is good looking and competent at his job, but he's not passionate about his work or with love.Since Pyo Ji Eun was little, she dreamed of working in the fashion field. She now works as the section chief of a luxury brand promotion agency. While she struggles to survive in the fashion field, she maintains herself with a bright personality and positive energy.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.6,9146,8,"['Chae Soo Bin', 'Choi Min Ho', 'Lee Sang Woon', 'Park Hee Jung', 'Shin Dong Mi', 'Lee Mi Do']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Netflix,Kim Jung Hyun,Unknown
872,The Spring Day of My Life,https://mydramalist.com/10516-the-spring-day-of-my-life,"Romance,  Melodrama","Older Man/Younger Woman, Rich Male Lead, Love Triangle, Rich Female Lead, Fate, Nice Female Lead, Organ Transplantation, Illness, Nice Male Lead, Instant Attraction ","Terminally ill young woman, Lee Bom Yi, is able to extend her life when she undergoes a heart transplant operation. She embarks on a new life, living each day to the fullest and positively, for the person who donated their heart to her. Then one day she meets Kang Dong Ha, CEO of Hanuiron and the widower of the woman whose heart she received. Since he lost his wife in an accident, he has raised his two children by himself. They begin falling into a special kind of love, based on the unique subject of 'cellular memory' (medical term, a symptom where recipients remember the habits or personalities of the donors and since a body's cells store memory independently from the brain, it leads to an organ transplant's recipient to form new habits similar to the donor). On the other hand, Kang Dong Wook is a cardiothoracic surgeon and conflict arises when his first love, a beautiful, sensible and eloquent woman, falls in love with Dong Ha, his hyung. Bae Ji Won wants the widower for herself and she’ll do her best to redirect his attentions. She’s a cold hearted and sharp-thinking team lead in the PR department of the hospital and a favorite of hospital chairman Myeong Hee.(Source: KissAsian)",7.6,1374,16,"['Kam Woo Sung', 'Choi Soo Young', 'Lee Joon Hyuk', 'Jang Shin Young', 'Shim Hye Jin', 'Kwon Hae Hyo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Jang Joon Ho,Park Ji Sook
873,Temptation of Wife,https://mydramalist.com/1215-temptation-of-wife,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Neurodevelopmental Disorder, Soap Opera, Family Relationship, Miscarriage, Infidelity, Death, Disability, Terminal Illness, Lying, Intellectual Disability ","Dreaming of studying in France, Goo Eun, who majored in make-up at university, is taken advantage of one night while drunk. Discovering that she was pregnant, she marries her assailant Jung Gyo Bin, who soon after fell in love with her best friend, Shin Ae Ri.One day while at sea, Gyo Bin, who is sick of Goo Eun, ignores her pleas for help, leaving her to drown and die. With the help of Ae Ri, they frame it as a suicide, not knowing that months later, Eun Jae will come back for revenge, assuming the identity of a deceased woman called Min So Hee.(Source: MyDramaList)",7.6,1249,129,"['Jang Seo Hee', 'Byun Woo Min', 'Lee Jae Hwang', 'Kim Seo Hyung', 'Choi Joon Yong', 'Kim Yong Gun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Unknown,Kim Soon Ok
874,Love & Wish,https://mydramalist.com/701707-love-wish,"Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Adapted From A Webtoon, Transfer Student Female Lead, Student Supporting Character, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Classmates' Relationship, Neighbors' Relationship, Teenager Supporting Character, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead ","Son Da Eun, 17, is the youngest of three sisters. From an early age, she and her sisters would spend their time reading romance-themed comics and novels, and Son Da Eun would spend her nights dreaming of finding true love. Her family moves to the South Korean capital, Seoul, and she finds herself living next door to a handsome high schooler named Kim Seung Hyu. He is charming and attractive, and she feels that perhaps he might be her first true love.When she discovers that Kim Seung Hyu is actually her new classmate at the high school, she has just transferred to, and everything seems to be falling into place. Surely, she thinks, this is fate, and nothing could stand in the way of love now. But as she starts to get to know him better and settles into life at her new school, she realizes that he is holding something back from her: He has been the victim of cruel and vindictive school bullying that has left him emotionally vulnerable. Can love conquer all, or will the demons of his past derail their fledgling romance?(Source: Viki)~~ Adapted from the webtoon series ""Love & Wish"" (러브 앤 위시) written and illustrated by Inae.",7.6,1871,9,"['Choi Young Jae', 'Choi Ye Bin', 'Yoo Jae Sang', 'Sa Hee', 'Kim So Ra', 'Kim Song']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Daum Kakao TV,Unknown,Han Yoon Sun
875,Love Rain,https://mydramalist.com/3057-love-rain,"Romance,  Drama,  Family,  Melodrama","Forbidden Love, First Love, Love Triangle, Playboy Male Lead, Photography, Love At First Sight, Generation Gap, Lovers Reunited, Bad Boy Male Lead, Sacrifice Happiness ","Suh In Ha is a sensitive artist who falls in love at first sight with fellow college student, Kim Yoon Hee. The two of them develop feelings for each other, but before they can do anything about it, In Ha's best friend, Lee Dong Wook, professes his love for Yoon Hee. Not wanting to ruin his friendship, In Ha takes a backseat and watches as the girl he loves grows farther away from him. Fast-forward to present day Seoul where In Ha's son, Suh Joon, meets and falls in love with Ha Na, Kim Yoon Hee's daughter. The children are completely different from their parents in personality, but fate pulls them together.",7.6,18299,20,"['Jang Geun Suk', 'Im Yoon Ah', 'Kim Shi Hoo', 'Kwon In Ha', 'Lee Mi Sook', 'Yoo Hye Ri']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Yoon Seok Ho,Oh Soo Yun
876,Show Window,https://mydramalist.com/696043-queen-s-house,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Romance,  Drama","Betrayed By A Lover, Mistress Female Lead, Married Life, Extramarital Affair, Brother-Sister Relationship, Protective Brother, Dysfunctional Family, Rich Family, Family Relationship, Deception ","From the outside, Han Sun Joo’s life has always appeared to be nothing short of perfect. Born into a wealthy family, Sun Joo and her younger brother, Han Jung Won, were raised without a care in the world. Now as adults, Jung Won has grown up extraordinarily warm-hearted, allowing him to maintain an unwavering sense of optimism while Sun Joo has become the ideal married woman, with a gorgeous home, a devoted husband and two beautiful children. Unfortunately, Sun Joo’s perfect life is on the verge of collapse.Absolutely penniless when he married Sun Joo, Shin Myung Seop has spent the entirety of his married life slowly climbing the ranks of his mother-in-law’s company, the LaReine Group. Now well-established in his career, Myung Seop appears to be a devoted husband and father, yet when he meets Yoon Mi Ra, things take a complicated turn. Unable to hide his growing feelings for Mi Ra, Myung Seop pursues her and is pleased to find she reciprocates his feelings. Soon entangled in a secret affair, Myung Seop and Mi Ra live in constant fear of discovery. (Source: Viki)",7.6,735,16,"['Song Yoon Ah', 'Lee Sung Jae', 'Jeon So Min', 'Hwang Chan Sung', 'Moon Hee Kyung', 'Kim Seung Soo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Channel A,  Viki","Kang Sol,  Park Dae Hee",Han Bo Kyung
877,Last Minute Romance,https://mydramalist.com/23792-last-minute-romance,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Terminal Illness, Contract Relationship, Doppelganger, Cancer, Impersonation, Fake Relationship, Web Series, Poor Male Lead, Mistaken Identity, Boss-Employee Relationship ","Baek Se, a 27-year-old who was living a normal life, gets diagnosed with terminal illness one day with only 3 months left. She wants to experience a heated romance with Ji Sul Woo, a top celebrity she’s had a crush on for 10 years before she dies. She puts out an ad in hopes of finding a Ji Sul Woo look-alike, who would then act out famous scenes from a drama with her over 3 months, for 10 thousand dollars?Yoon Dong Joon is an aspiring actor who looks like Ji Sul Woo. He was always rejected from auditions for looking like Ji Sul Woo or was hired as his look-alike, and was suspicious of women that approached him for only being after his looks. He decides to get plastic surgery to become a true actor and also needs 10 thousand dollars.The two characters get together for their own reasons. Will they be able to get what they want within the short span of 3 months?(Source: JTBC)",7.6,3077,10,"['Han Seung Yeon', 'Lee Seo Won', 'Oh Hee Joon', 'Kian84', 'Im Ho Joon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"jTBC,  Naver TV Cast",Unknown,Unknown
878,22 Flower Road,https://mydramalist.com/49497-22-flower-road,"Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Share House Setting, Housemates' Relationship, Chasing A Dream, Cohabitation, Web Series, Multiple Couples, Love/Hate Relationship, First Love, Love Triangle, Friendship ","""22 Flower Road"" is a webdrama about young people who share what they have and do not have with each other and become adults. It is expected to bring about realistic empathy with its highlights through the youthful lives of five young people.(Source: HanCinema)",7.6,308,12,"['Kim Ye Eun', 'Kang Yul', 'Hong Bi Ra', 'Jeong Soo Hyun', 'Ahn Jung Hun', 'Jung Hwi Young']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
879,Triangle,https://mydramalist.com/9176-triangle-2014,"Action,  Business,  Romance,  Drama","Gambling, Casino Setting, Morally Ambiguous Male Lead, Detective Male Lead, Male Centered Plot, Brothers' Relationship, Confident Male Lead, Passive Female Lead, Ambitious Male Lead, Flashback To Past ","Three brothers lost their parents and grew up separately without knowing the whereabouts of each other for more than 20 years. Because they have taken on new names and are all grown up, they are unable to recognize each other later on. Their fates become intertwined as they become bitter adversaries.(Source: MBC)",7.6,3168,26,"['Lee Bum Soo', 'Kim Jae Joong', 'Yim Si Wan', 'Baek Jin Hee', 'Oh Yeon Soo', 'Park Ji Yeon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Yoo Chul Yong,  Choi Jung Gyu",Choi Wan Kyu
880,Sisters-in-Law,https://mydramalist.com/22679-sisters-in-law,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Multiple Couples, Publishing House Setting, Workplace Setting, Married Female Lead, Fraternal Twin Female Lead, Rival Families, Sisters' Relationship, Fashion Industry, Conflict, Rivalry ","Geum Byeol and Eun Byeol are twin sisters and have had a bad sibling relationship since they were little girls. Geum Byeol was treated like a princess by their mother while Eun Byeol was neglected and forced to give in to her sister all the time. The sisters had a long, tempestuous relationship but this conflict between them should have ended when they got married. Instead, their marriages took their sibling rivalry to new heights. They later found out that their husbands were sworn enemies. This TV show revolves around unequal childhoods and how two siblings find themselves the daughters-in-law in two feuding families which they try to mediate. These multiple strained relationships between people are portrayed in a lighthearted way as the related parties eventually resolve their issues through forgiveness and love.(Source: MBC America)",7.6,377,100,"['Ham Eun Jung', 'Lee  Joo Yeon', 'Kang Kyung Joon', 'Cha Do Jin', 'Nam Myung Ryul', 'Kim Chung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Kim Ji Hyun,  Lee Jae Jin",Oh Sang Hee
881,Pasta,https://mydramalist.com/46-pasta,"Food,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Cooking, Boss-Employee Relationship, Ambition, Rivalry, Hardworking Female Lead, Secret Relationship, Love/Hate Relationship, Unrequited Love, Clingy Male Lead, Restaurant Setting ","Seo Yoo Kyung endured the gruelling job of kitchen assistant at high-class restaurant La Sfera for three years in hopes of being promoted to chef. Things are looking up as she meets a handsome stranger on the street who ends up being the restaurant's new head chef. His first day on the job, however, he fires all the female cooks, including Yoo Kyung. Yoo Kyung, too stubborn to let go of her dream, she is willing to do whatever it takes to get her job back. Yoo Kyung struggles as she butts heads with the new chef while trying to learn everything she can from him at the same time, and sparks begin to fly. Things are complicated by the presence of Kim San, a charming customer with an eye for Yoo Kyung who seems to have mysterious ties to the restaurant, and Oh Sae Young, a famous TV Chef and former love of Hyun Wook, not to mention the kitchen politics that get in the way of their budding romance.",7.6,8782,20,"['Lee Sun Kyun', 'Gong Hyo Jin', 'Alex', 'Lee Ha Nee', 'Choi Min', 'Byun Jung Soo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Kwon Seok Jang,Seo Sook Hyang
882,My Romantic Some Recipe,https://mydramalist.com/21657-my-romantic-some-recipe,"Food,  Romance,  Fantasy","Web Series, Miniseries, Nice Male Lead, Secret Crush, Cooking, Disappearance, Idol Male Lead, Short Length Series, Love Triangle, Friends To Lovers ","A 21-year old college student has a one-sided love for a restaurant customer. Then after getting drunk one evening she takes a stand-up poster of her idol. From that advertisement he magically emerges to help her...teach her how to charm the other guy, to cook, to ride a bike, to take better care of herself. Then as suddenly as he arrives, he disappears.",7.6,2288,6,"['Joo Ah Reum', 'Cha Eun Woo', 'Lee Soo Bin', 'Ahn Ji Hoon', 'Jung Jae Hyung', 'Yoon San Ha']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
883,Obstetrics and Gynecology Doctors,https://mydramalist.com/424-obstetrics-and-gynecology-doctors,"Romance,  Medical","Doctor Female Lead, Obstetrics And Gynecology, Doctor Male Lead ","The drama depicts the difficult decisions and moving human stories that take place daily in the OB-GYN department, focusing in particular on Seo Hye Young, a talented and determined obstetrician who has just transferred from the prestigious Seoul base to the branch hospital. Her straightforward manner of handling her professional life is in contrast with her love life, which is marred by her relationship with a married man. This becomes even more entangled when she meets Lee Sang Shik, the chief of NICU, and her long-time friend Wang Jae Suk also shows his interest.",7.6,1206,16,"['Seo Ji Suk', 'Jang Seo Hee', 'Go Joo Won', 'Jung Ho Bin', 'Song Joong Ki', 'Lee Young Eun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Choi Young Hoon,  Lee Hyun Jik",Choi Hee Ra
884,What's Your Blood Type?,https://mydramalist.com/33267-what-s-your-blood-type,Comedy,"Miniseries, Web Series, Sketch Comedy, Short Length Series ",Unknown,7.6,390,7,"['Go Kyung Pyo', 'Kim Seul Gi', 'Oh Ji Ho', 'Jo Bok Rae']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
885,Top Star Yoo Baek,https://mydramalist.com/29762-top-star-yoo-baek,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Healing, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Unrequited Love, Grandma-Granddaughter Relationship, Island Setting, Singer Male Lead, Actor Male Lead, Reporter Supporting Character, Doctor Supporting Character, Cheerful Female Lead ","Yoo Baek is a former idol group member. He is now a popular singer and actor. He doesn't try to be a good guy to attract people. Yoo Baek is self-centered and he is brutally honest to others even if it hurts them. He makes big trouble for himself and travels to a faraway island to getaway. There, he meets warm people on the island including Oh Kang Soon. She runs a small supermarket and also dives to pick abalone and sea mustard. She is physically a very strong woman.",7.6,1647,11,"['Kim Ji Suk', 'Jeon So Min', 'Lee Sang Yeob', 'Heo Jung Min', 'Lee Ah Hyun', 'Jung Eun Pyo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Yoo Hak Chan,"Lee Shi Eun,  Lee So Jung"
886,Surgeon Bong Dal Hee,https://mydramalist.com/1202-surgeon-bong-dal-hee,"Romance,  Drama,  Medical,  Melodrama","Strong Female Lead, Slow Burn Romance, Cold Man/Warm Woman, Eccentric Female Lead, Cardiovascular Disease, Hospital Setting, Surgeon Female Lead, Doctor Female Lead, Doctor Male Lead, Divorced Male Lead ","Bong Dal Hee is a first year resident doctor who strives to become a surgeon despite her heart problem. She works under Dr. Ahn Jong Geun, a cardiac specialist, and even though they don't get off to a good start, the two grow fond of each other as time goes by. Dr. Lee Geon Wook divorced his wife, Dr. Jo Moon Kyung, after he found out that his 6-year-old son was actually fathered by another man before they married. He still has feelings for her, but feels betrayed and cheated. This medical drama portrays the lives of resident doctors, their ups and downs, depicting crisis in a hospital as well as politics among its management staff.",7.6,453,18,"['Lee Bum Soo', 'Lee Yo Won', 'Kim Min Joon', 'Kim In Kwon', 'Choi Yeo Jin', 'Oh Yoon Ah']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,"Yoo In Shik,  Kim Hyung Shik",Lee Jung Sun
887,My Secret Romance,https://mydramalist.com/21465-my-secret-romance,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","One-night Stand, Steamy Kiss, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Boss-Employee Relationship, Fast Paced Romance, Rich Male Lead, Cooking, Love Triangle, Mother-Daughter Relationship, Mean Male Lead ","Cha Jin Wook is a son from a wealthy family who runs a large company. He usually only pursues short-term love, but when he meets Lee Yoo Mi, who has never had a boyfriend before, he changes. In a dating world full of busy people who tend to flirt and chase “some” relationships rather than having meaningful connections that allow them to show their true feelings, this couple has an one-night stand. They meet again three years later, whereupon they kick off a shaky push-pull romance that’ll keep them on their toes as they fall in love.(Source: Amazon.com.au)~~ Two versions available: 13 episodes (TV) || 14 episodes (DVD ; online)",7.6,44551,13,"['Sung Hoon', 'Song Ji Eun', 'Kim Jae Young', 'Jung Da Sol', 'Lee Hae In', 'Baek Seung Heon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,OCN,Kang Cheol Woo,Unknown
888,My Husband Oh Jak Doo,https://mydramalist.com/26538-my-husband-oh-jak-doo,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Trauma, Strong Male Lead, Contract Relationship, Family Pressure, Naive Male Lead, Marriage, Strong Female Lead, Countryside Setting, Rural Life, Bromance ","Han Seung Joo has chosen to stay single. She cannot afford to get married, nor is she confident that she wants to. However, certain events transpire which cause her to fear being alone, and she finds herself needing the safety and status that only the perception of a marriage can bring. Seung Joo decides to hire a man to be a stand-in husband, and the man she chooses is Oh Jak Doo. Through meeting Oh Jak Doo, will Han Seung Joo find true love and happiness?",7.6,2943,24,"['Kim Kang Woo', 'Uee', 'Jung Sang Hoon', 'Han Sun Hwa', 'Jung  Soo Young', 'Park Min Ji']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Baek Ho Min,Yoo Yoon Kyung
889,Moorim School,https://mydramalist.com/15087-moorim-school,"Action,  Romance,  Drama,  Supernatural","Bromance, Love Triangle, Magical Power, Strong Female Lead, Eccentric Female Lead, Poor Female Lead, Blindness, Sismance, Tragic Past, Rich Man/Poor Woman ","The Moorim School is a hidden school which can only be seen by special individuals, it isn't focused solely on high academic scores but on physical abilities. The school teaches its students great virtues which include honesty, faith, sacrifice, and communication. The teachers and students at the school come from different countries and each have their own stories. Everything is very extraordinary and normal until a student who doesn't seem to fill the role, wanders into the academy and changes the destiny of all the students.",7.6,17119,16,"['Lee Hyun Woo', 'Hong Bin', 'Seo Yea Ji', 'Jung Eugene', 'Shin Hyun Joon', 'Shin Sung Woo']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,KBS2,Lee So Yeon,Yang Jin Ah
890,Color Rush,https://mydramalist.com/680735-color-rush,"Mystery,  Romance,  Drama,  Supernatural","Obsessive Male Lead, Soulmates, LGBTQ+, High School, Web Series, Aunt-Nephew Relationship, Psychological, Missing Person, Color Blindness, Short Length Series ","Monochromatic people (known as 'Mono's) live in a world where they are not able to see colours and therefore view their surroundings through varying shades of grey, black and white. However, every Mono has a fated person (known as 'Probe's) who is able to trigger their grey-scale world into colour, inducing what is termed as a 'Colour Rush'.Yeon Woo is a Mono. He’s aware that other colours do exist but has never experienced them for himself, nor was he interested in doing so. However, Yeon Woo’s life is forever changed when he meets Yoo Han, his Probe, and experiences his first 'Colour Rush'. Terrified that he would be obsessed with Yoo Han because of Yoo Han's ability to make him see colours, Yeon Woo tries to avoid Yoo Han, but why does Yoo Han insist on drawing close to him?(Source: MyDramaList)~~ Adapted from the web novel ""Color Rush"" (컬러 러쉬) by Se Sang (세상).",7.6,29518,8,"['Yoo Jun', 'Hur Hyun Jun', 'Yeon Min Ji', 'Baek Seo Hoo', 'Min Hyo Gi']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"LINE TV,  Viki,  ViuTV",Park Sun Jae,Unknown
891,That Fool,https://mydramalist.com/371-that-fool,"Comedy,  Romance","Fake Marriage, Contract Relationship, Love Triangle, Rich Woman/Poor Man, Naive Male Lead, Rich Female Lead, Poor Male Lead, Postman Male Lead, Actress Female Lead, Fake Relationship ","Goo Dong Baek is an honest and good-hearted postman. One day, he encounters Han Ji Soo, a top actress. However, an ordinary man gets no chance to show his feelings to this celebrity that everyone loves. Six months with her elapses like a midsummer night's dream, but he cannot just end his love like a ""dream."" Shouting out love! His love has just begun.(Source: KBS World)",7.6,1915,16,"['Hwang Jung Min', 'Kim Ah Joong', 'Joo Sang Wook', 'Baek Sung Hyun', 'Lee Chung Ah', 'Jeon Mi Seon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Ki Min Soo,Unknown
892,Ex-Girlfriend Club,https://mydramalist.com/13404-ex-girlfriend-club,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Second Chance, Love Triangle, Hardworking Female Lead, Writer Male Lead, Childish Male Lead, Misunderstanding, Harem ","Bang Myeong Soo is a popular writer of webtoons. He then writes a webtoon series about his past relationships, specifically his four ex-girlfriends, which includes an older, wealthy divorcee, a chic and successful woman who works at an investment firm, and a third-rate, airhead actress. The webtoon reveals plenty of details about Myeong Soo's love life, and it becomes a huge hit. Soon, Myeong Soo is considered a cross between Public Enemy Number One and National Heartthrob, and his webtoon gets adapted into a movie.Kim Soo Jin is a film producer who's prepared to do whatever it takes to save their failing production company. Because of this, she accepts the assignment to produce a webtoon adaptation. But to her horror, Soo Jin belatedly finds out that the webtoon artist is her ex-boyfriend Myeong Soo, and that she's one of the girlfriends he wrote about. And as the movie starts shooting, the project also brings Myeong Soo's other ex-girlfriends back into his life all at the same time.",7.6,6093,12,"['Byun Yo Han', 'Song Ji Hyo', 'Lee Yoon Ji', 'Jang Ji Eun', 'Ryu Hwa Young', 'Do Sang Woo']",Not Yet Rated,tvN,Kwon Seok Jang,Lee Jin Mae
893,The Best Moment To Quit Your Job,https://mydramalist.com/28188-the-best-moment-to-quit-your-job,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","Miniseries, Housemates' Relationship, Workplace Setting, Female Centered Plot, Web Series, Sismance, Multiple Couples, Adapted From A Webtoon, Friendship ","Four young women tackle life, love, and lies in their first jobs out of college. Good thing they have each other – and late-night bars – to get through it all.",7.6,373,8,"['Go Won Hee', 'Lee Chung Ah', 'Jei', 'Jung Yeon Joo', 'Kim Ji Eun', 'Go Kyung Pyo']",Not Yet Rated,Oksusu,Jung Jung Hwa,Unknown
894,My Only One,https://mydramalist.com/29341-my-beautiful-side,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Female Chases Male First, Poor Female Lead, Workplace Setting, Ex-spouse Relationship, Neurological Disorder, Adopted Female Lead, Workplace Romance, Secondary Couple, Grandma-Grandson Relationship, Forced Break-up ","""My Beautiful Side"" is a drama about a woman who loses everything one day, when she discovers that her parents are not her biological ones, and that they are also murderers. It is the story of someone who will live boldly while putting back together the pieces of her life broken by love.(Source: HanCinema)",7.6,1182,106,"['Choi Soo Jong', 'Uee', 'Lee Jang Woo', 'Yoon Jin Yi', 'Jung Eun Woo', 'Na Hye Mi']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Hong Seok Goo,Kim Sa Kyung
895,King Geun Cho Go,https://mydramalist.com/675-king-geun-cho-go,Historical,"King Male Lead, Historical Fiction, Royalty, Baekje Dynasty ","The story of King Geun Cho Go, warrior king of Baekje. Under his reign, the kingdom experienced its glory days, with military conquests that saw him controlling most of the Korean peninsula and a subsequent enhancement of political power that reached its greatest height in Baekje's history.",7.6,235,60,"['Kim Jee Soo', 'Kam Woo Sung', 'Kim Hyo Won', 'Kim Do Yeon', 'Jung Ji Ah', 'Seo Hyun Suk']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS1,"Yoon Chang Bum,  Kim Young Jo",Jung Sung Hee
896,A Pledge to God,https://mydramalist.com/31299-a-promise-with-god,"Romance,  Life,  Family,  Melodrama","Hardship, Brothers' Relationship, Punishment, Hatred, Break Up, Nice Female Lead, Grandma-Grandson Relationship, Repentance, News Media, Family Dispute ",A human melodrama about two married couples who make choices beyond the ethics and morals of this world in order to save their dying child.(Source: HanCinema),7.6,459,48,"['Han Chae Young', 'Bae Soo Bin', 'Oh Yoon Ah', 'Lee Chun Hee', 'Wang Seok Hyun', 'Kim Dong Yoon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Yoon Jae Moon,Hong Young Hee
897,Golden Pouch,https://mydramalist.com/20452-golden-pouch,"Food,  Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Older Man/Younger Woman, Birth Secret, Multiple Couples, Love Triangle, Family ","In the drama ""Golden Pouch”, Seok Hoon, a genius doctor who is an orphan loses his memory due to an accident on his wedding day. He wakes up mistakenly believing that the actors that were hired to pretend as his parents during the wedding as his real parents. He develops close ties with the couple and for the first time in his life, he experiences what it feels like to belong to a two-parent family. Later, the couple takes him in as their own son. Seol Hwa is the second daughter in the family who stays upbeat no matter how hard her life gets. One day, she comes across Seok Hoon, who is suffering from amnesia. Can she and Seok Hoon overcome the sticky threads of fate to fall in love? This romantic comedy revolves around an irritable doctor who abandons his profession to become a cook as he gets involved with a headstrong woman.(Source: MBC)",7.6,403,122,"['Jin Yi Han', 'Jung Woo Yeon', 'Lee Sun Ho', 'Son Ga Young', 'Ahn Nae Sang', 'Oh Young Shil']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Kim Dae Jin,Lee Hye Seon
898,Enemies from the Past,https://mydramalist.com/26062-enemies-from-the-past,"Romance,  Family,  Melodrama","Hardworking Female Lead, Soap Opera, Father-Daughter Relationship ","After Go Ya’s dad had an affair ten years ago, she had to put college on hold and start earning money to support her mom and siblings. While her life was in the dumps, she met Min Ji Seok, who treated her special and it was the first time a boy had ever made her feel that way. They fell deeply in love. But Ji Seok’s aunt turns out to the very woman that Go Ya’s dad had an affair with. So Go Ya has to choose between Ji Seok or her mom and she and Ji Seok eventually decide to lie in order to have it both ways. “Enemies from the Past” is a story of two families that are entangled in secrets and a bad karmic connection but finally find reconciliation later on through the power of forgiveness.(Source: MBC)",7.6,216,123,"['Choi Yoon Young', 'Gu Won', 'Go Na Yeon', 'Ahn Jae Mo', 'Han Jin Hee', 'Han Gap Soo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Kim Heung Dong,Kim Ji Eun
899,"Bad Thief, Good Thief",https://mydramalist.com/22815-bad-thief-good-thief,"Thriller,  Comedy,  Law,  Romance","Corruption, Thief Male Lead, Police Officer Female Lead, Lawyer Supporting Character, Brothers' Relationship, Family Relationship, Crime, Suspense ","In this story, there are thieves who come from different backgrounds and situations. They were not born as thieves though. For the most part, they lived by the rules even while growing up poor and worked hard to better their lives. They are actually generous people. But the cruel realities of society have pushed them to the edge. And to ensure that their past problems do not hamper their own children, they fight to exact revenge from those in power, search for their long-lost family members and commit one last heist to mete out justice. This TV show will entertain viewers with a story revolving around thieves from the low rungs of society who burglarize the home of powerful men in order to unmask them. They do this to put an end to those who stand above the law and get away with thievery scot-free.(Source: MBC America)",7.6,1236,50,"['Ji Hyun Woo', 'Seo Hyun', 'Kim Ji Hoon', 'Im Ju Eun', 'Ahn Kil Kang', 'Jung Kyung Soon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Jang Joon Ho,  Oh Kyung Hoon","Son Young Mok,  Cha Yi Young"
900,Eccentric! Chef Moon,https://mydramalist.com/47779-vacation-in-my-own-way,"Food,  Comedy,  Romance,  Melodrama","Amnesia, Cooking, Successful Female Lead, Eccentric Female Lead, Cohabitation, Healing, Village Setting, Countryside Setting, Fashion Designer Female Lead, Restaurateur Male Lead ","Yoo Yoo Jin is an eccentric, world-renowned fashion designer who has devoted her life to the world of haute couture. But one day, she is found in a remote village in the South Korean countryside with a bad case of amnesia – unable to remember who she is or how she got there. The villagers put her up in a house whose occupant is former star chef Moon Seung Mo – a man who has vowed to turn his back on his culinary career after a tragic accident event left him seeking solitude. At first, the ex-chef is resentful of his new houseguest. But when he finds that Yoo Yoo Jin has a seemingly unquenchable desire for food, he starts to rediscover his passion for cooking, life…and perhaps romance!(Source: Viki)",7.6,1489,16,"['Eric Mun', 'Go Won Hee', 'Cha Jung Won', 'Kil Hae Yeon', 'Cha Chung Hwa', 'Go Do Yeon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Channel A,"Choi Do Hoon,  Jung Hun Soo","Jung Yoo Ri,  Kim Kyung Soo"
901,Fantastic,https://mydramalist.com/19468-fantastic,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Medical","Famous Lead/Common Lead, Terminal Illness, Bromance, Cheerful Male Lead, Second Chance Romance, Older Woman/Younger Man, Strong Female Lead, Multiple Couples, Character Development, Love Triangle ","As a hardworking scriptwriter, So Hye is writing a drama about cancer when coincidentally she is diagnosed with breast cancer and learns she has five months left to live. She decides to live it up, leave no regrets, and do whatever she feels like doing. However, as a workaholic, she also commits to finishing her last project, then plans to leave quietly. But Hae Sung, a famous star, and her first love, suddenly shows up and her plans fall through. So Hye is actively opposed to casting Hae Sung as the lead in her latest drama. His stiff, robotic acting and constant nagging annoy her, and they occasionally have petty fights. But along the way, they actually seem to be falling in love. Meanwhile, Joon Ki has been by her side, both as her doctor and a friend. He knows So Hye’s bright demeanor sometimes acts as a cover for her secret burden. He knows her well, and he’s been through it himself. Though he can’t cure her, he wants to be her steady soulmate, and face the reality together. Joon Ki and Hae Sung fight for So Hye’s love, and with mixed emotions, she is indecisive. How can she decide when she only has a few months left? What is the best way to leave without regrets?(Source: JTBC)",7.6,2437,16,"['Kim Hyun Joo', 'Joo Sang Wook', 'Park Shi Yeon', 'Kim Ji Soo', 'Kim Tae Hoon', 'Jo Jae Yoon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,Jo Nam Gook,Lee Sung Eun
902,Behind Every Star,https://mydramalist.com/700367-survive-as-a-celebrity-manager,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life","Entertainment Industry, Teamwork, Office Setting, Drama, Non-MDL Remake, Actor/Actress Supporting Character, Father-Son Relationship, Co-workers' Relationship, Workplace Setting, Senior-Junior Relationship ","The story is set around Method Entertainment, which is a major management company and depicts their work lives, personal lives, and desires.Ma Tae Oh works as a professional manager and holds the position of general director at Method Entertainment. He is smart and gentle, but he was born to be a strategist, and he doesn’t mind using all sorts of tricks to achieve what he wants.Cheon Je In has worked as a manager for 14 years. She started as an on-site manager, and she now works as a leader of a manager team. She is competitive and a workaholic. She is hot-tempered, and when she sets a goal, she will try to achieve it without careful thinking. She and Ma Tae Oh have many disagreements along the way.Kim Joong Don is Cheon Je In’s best friend at work, and he holds the same position as a leader of a manager team. He is a gentle person.So Hyun Joo is a rookie manager and often makes trouble at work. She grows as a professional manager through her experience.(Source: AsianWiki)~~ Remake of the French TV series ""Call My Agent!"" (Dix pour cent) [2015].",7.6,1711,12,"['Lee Seo Jin', 'Kwak Sun Young', 'Seo Hyun Woo', 'Joo Hyun Young', 'Shim So Young', 'Kim Tae Oh']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Netflix,  tvN",Baek Seung Ryong,Park So Young
903,What's Up?,https://mydramalist.com/1699-whats-up,"Music,  Romance,  Youth","Student Supporting Character, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Dropout Male Lead, Professor Male Lead, Young Adult Female Lead, Young Adult Male Lead, University, Musical ","Jang Jae Hun is a high school dropout who roams the streets at night with his two best friends pickpocketing drunkards. He accidentally causes an accident that leads to the death of a stranger. Park Tae Yi lives in the countryside with her grandfather and inherited her musical talents from her father. Ha Do Sung composes songs in anonymity as rock star HADES. Having been abandoned at a young age by his ambitious mother, he tries to live quietly without drawing attention to himself. Kim Byeong Gun is the odd one out in his family of businessmen, wishing to pursue a career in musicals - despite his debilitating fear of performing in front of others. Eun Chae Young is an experienced actress, having been in the industry for 10 years. However, she has the desire to prove herself on the musical stage, rather than a movie actress with a pretty face. What she doesn't expect is to be challenged by Oh Doo Ri, an equally talented actress who prefers to spend her time playing first-person shooting computer games than rehearsing.These young adults end up together in the musical department of Haneul Arts University and find themselves under the guidance of unconventional professor Sunwoo Young. With each passing day, they get a chance to learn what it is to be a 'star,' and to prove to the people around them that they can succeed in their chosen path.",7.6,2775,20,"['Im Joo Hwan', 'Oh Man Suk', 'Kim Ji Won', 'Im Ju Eun', 'Jo Jung Suk', 'Kang Dae Sung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBN,Song Ji Won,Song Ji Na
904,"Father, I’ll Take Care of You",https://mydramalist.com/19736-father-ill-take-care-of-you,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Workplace Romance, Revenge, Lost Child, Workplace Setting, Brother-Sister Relationship, Nice Male Lead, Family ","After Hyung Seob and Jung Ae worked hard to raise their four children, they are now ready to retire but one day all of their children move back into the house. Hyun Woo returns to Korea to seek revenge for getting separated from his only sibling and being sent to America. However, he reunites with Jung Eun whom he once met in New York. Will Hyun Woo be able to overcome his hurtful past and move on to find love? At the same time, Sung Joon also meets a girl named Dong Hee again whom he briefly met in Taiwan but finds her living in his parents’ house in Korea. Will Sung Joon and Dong Hee find true love? is about karmic connections, family values and young people who are destined to fall in love.(Source: MBC)",7.6,1436,50,"['Kim Jae Won', 'Lee Soo Kyung', 'Park Eun Bin', 'Lee Tae Hwan', 'Na Moon Hee', 'Kim Yong Rim']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Kim Sung Wook,  Lee Dae Young",Jo Jung Seon
905,All In,https://mydramalist.com/1103-all-in,"Romance,  Crime,  Drama,  Melodrama","Gambling, Star Crossed Lovers, Greed, Scheme, Rich Female Lead, Rivalry, Power Struggle, Jealousy, Revenge, Character Development ","As a kid, all Kim In Ha ever did was follow his uncle around and help him cheat in gambling. As a high school student, he hung out with his friends at the basement of a theater. As Kim In Ha gets to know Choi Jeong Won, a model student and also the son of a very rich family, In Ha tries to tempt him into doing mischievous deeds. Both Kim In Ha and Choi Jeong Won falls in love with Min Soo Yeon and as they try to take revenge for Soo Hyun’s father, their life spirals into very different directions.(Source: DramaWiki)",7.6,1048,24,"['Song Hye Kyo', 'Lee Byung Hun', 'Park Sol Mi', 'Ji Sung', 'Fueki Yuko', 'Im Hyun Shik']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Kang Shin Hyo,  Yoo Chul Yong",Choi Wan Kyu
906,A Thousand Days' Promise,https://mydramalist.com/2954-a-thousand-days-promise,"Romance,  Melodrama","Alzheimer's Disease, Forbidden Love, Neurological Disorder ","A drama about deep love created by writer Kim Soo Hyun and producer Jung Eul Yeong once again a year after ""Life is Beautiful"". It's the Story about a woman Seo Yeon who's slowly losing her memory and a man Ji Hyung who takes responsibility for loving her .",7.6,1487,20,"['Kim Rae Won', 'Park Soo Ae', 'Lee Sang Woo', 'Jung Yoo Mi', 'Kim Hae Sook', 'Oh Mi Yun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Jung Eul Young,Kim Soo Hyun
907,Second Husband,https://mydramalist.com/698835-second-husband,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Revenge, Wrongfully Accused, Age Gap [Real Life], Positive Female Lead, Soap Opera, Infidelity, Family ","It revolves around Bong Seon Hwa and her family surrounding a confectionery company. She underwent an unfortunate childhood, but due to her strong and positive personality, she rises up. Growing up in same neighborhood she had a long relationship with Moon Sang Hyuk. But, when she unjustly loses her family due to a tragedy born out of an unstoppable desire, she pledges revenge in the mixed fate and love.(Source: Wikipedia)",7.6,754,150,"['Cha Seo Won', 'Uhm Hyun Kyung', 'Oh Seung Ah', 'Han Ki Woong', 'Jung Sung Mo', 'Ji Soo Won']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Kim Chil Bong,Seo Hyun Joo
908,Beyond the Clouds,https://mydramalist.com/8739-beyond-the-clouds,"Thriller,  Romance,  Crime,  Drama","Wrongfully Accused, Forbidden Love, Revenge, Rich Female Lead, Nice Female Lead, Poor Male Lead, Swindler Male Lead, Secretary Supporting Character, Melodrama, Suspense ","Jung Se Ro is a hardworking young man who works multiple part-time jobs while studying for the foreign civil service exam. His father is a petty criminal and a con man, and their family lives a transient life because of his deals, currently staying in Thailand.Despite wanting an honest life for himself, Se Ro's dreams are shattered on the night of a glamorous jewel exhibition opening in Bangkok. His father dies in an incident involving stolen diamonds, and because Se Ro was at the scene when another man was shot, he is accused and arrested for murder. After spending five years in a Thai prison, upon his release, he takes up a new identity and becomes a con-man just like his father. He joins a ring of jewel smugglers led by Park Kang Jae, with whom he shares a brotherly bond. Kang Jae was raised like a son by Se Ro's father, who taught him all the tricks of the trade. But Kang Jae has harbored lifelong jealousy towards the real son, which is stoked further when the woman he loves, smuggling accomplice Seo Jae In, also falls for Se Ro.Then Se Ro meets Han Young Won, the cold-hearted heiress to a jewelry brand. She was madly in love with her fiancé Gong Woo Jin and had closed herself off after his death. But Se Ro draws her out into the world, while Young Won gives him a reason to live when he had all but given up. They fall in love, not knowing that the man Se Ro was accused of killing had been Young Won's fiance. His love for her becomes his punishment, but also his salvation.",7.6,1825,16,"['Yoon Kye Sang', 'Han Ji Hye', 'Jo Jin Woong', 'Kim Yoo Ri', 'Lee Jae Won', 'Kim Yoon Sung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Kim Jung Hyun,  Bae Kyung Soo",Heo Sung Hye
909,Hi! School - Love On,https://mydramalist.com/10359-hi-school-love-on,"Romance,  Youth,  Fantasy","High School, Love Triangle, Cohabitation, Naive Female Lead, Student Supporting Character, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Best Friends' Relationship, Angel Female Lead, Teenager Supporting Character ","Lee Seul Bi is an angel who is sent to Earth to look after Shin Woo Hyun, who lives with his grandmother and carries emotional scars from being abandoned by his parents. Despite his cold demeanor, Woo Hyun is popular in school because of his good looks and singing ability. When his best friend, Hwang Sung Yeol, finds out a secret that ties them together and also develops feelings for Seul Bi, who is posing as a fellow student at their school, the best friends turn into rivals.",7.6,19318,20,"['Kim Sae Ron', 'Nam Woo Hyun', 'Lee Sung Yeol', 'Choi Soo Rin', 'Kim Min Seok', 'Jo Yeon Woo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Sung Joon Hae,Unknown
910,Super Daddy Yeol,https://mydramalist.com/13127-super-daddy-yeol,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Medical","Mother-Daughter Relationship, Father-Daughter Relationship, Miscommunication, Baseball, Terminal Illness, First Love, Bickering Mains' Relationship, Single Female Lead, Workplace Abuse, Secondary Couple ","Doctor Cha Mi Rae with one daughter. One day, she is diagnosed with a rare cancer and informed she has about one year to live. She then seeks out her first love Kim Yeol. For her daughter, she struggles to turn Yeol into the best father possible.",7.6,2035,16,"['Lee Dong Gun', 'Lee Yoo Ri', 'Lee Re', 'Seo Joon Young', 'Seo Yea Ji', 'Lee  Han Wi']",Not Yet Rated,tvN,Song Hyun Wook,Unknown
911,Youtuber Class,https://mydramalist.com/683959-youtuber-class,"Life,  Youth","High School, Web Series, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, YouTuber Male Lead, YouTuber Female Lead, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, Teacher Supporting Character ",No college but becoming a Youtuber instead?,7.6,361,4,"['Oh Hyun Joong', 'Park Chae Rin', 'Park Jae Chan', 'Jang Mun Ik', 'Han Il Kyu']",Not Yet Rated,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Unknown,Unknown
912,Liver or Die,https://mydramalist.com/31600-what-s-the-problem-poong-sang,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Middle-Aged Male Lead, Stepbrothers' Relationship, Age Gap [Drama Life], Age Gap [Real Life], Doctor Female Lead, Brothers' Relationship, Raised By Elder Brother, Brother-Sister Relationship, Flashback To Past, Conflict ","Poong Sang took care of his 4 younger siblings and supported them financially because his parents did not support them. His younger siblings are his first younger brother Jin Sang, first younger sister Jung Sang, second younger sister Hwa Sang, and youngest sibling We Sang.Poong Sang is now middle-aged, but he has never lived his life for himself. He is still busy dealing with the affairs of his younger siblings. Poong Sang's first younger brother Jin Sang makes trouble as he waits for a chance to change his life. Poong Sang's first younger sister Jung Sang is a doctor. She is smart, logical, and cool-headed. Poong Sang's second younger sister Hwa Sang has an inferiority complex due to her older sister Jung Sang. She is also a troublemaker like her older brother Jin Sang. Youngest sibling We Sang dreams of becoming a professional baseball player, but he has failed to achieve his dream.(Source: Asianwiki)",7.6,739,40,"['Yoo  Joon Sang', 'Oh Ji Ho', 'Jeon Hye Bin', 'Lee Si Young', 'Cha Seo Won', 'Shin Dong Mi']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Jin Hyung Wook,  Lee Hyun Suk",Moon Young Nam
913,Want More 19,https://mydramalist.com/31577-stop-me-and-i-won-t-stop-19,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, Multiple Mains, Miniseries, High School, Web Series, Multiple Couples ","A story of 5 friends in high school. A mutual crush, a one-sided love, and a rough patch for sweethearts. All of this happens as exams come up, will they be able to confess their love?",7.6,1459,7,"['Shin Gi Hwan', 'Jung Ha Joon', 'Nam Yoon Su', 'Jeon Yu Lim', 'Lee Jung Ha']",Not Yet Rated,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Unknown,Choi Yo Ji
914,"Remember, Hari 2",https://mydramalist.com/33314-remember-hari-2,"Mystery,  Horror,  Romance,  Supernatural","Miniseries, Ghost, Investigation, Youth, Suspense ","Ha Ri goes to a forest house to hang out with her friends. Ha Ri then meets a tarot card reader who  says she's fated to end up with a one-sided love. Plus, who's that mysterious girl calling Kang Lim ""oppa""?",7.6,189,8,"['Lee Hyun Jun', 'Park Ji Ye', 'Jang So Jeong', 'Jung Sung Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Tooniverse,Ko Bong Soo,Unknown
915,Top Management,https://mydramalist.com/28800-top-management,"Romance,  Life,  Drama,  Supernatural","Love Triangle, Bromance, Poor Female Lead, Male Chases Female First, Precognition, Web Series, Adapted From A Web Novel, Idol Male Lead, Talent Manager Female Lead, Age Gap [Real Life] ",Top Management is a web drama based on an internet novel. It tells the story of a new manager at an entertainment agency who uses her ability to see the future to succeed in the industry.(Source: Soompi),7.6,4704,16,"['Seo Eun Soo', 'Ahn Hyo Seop', 'Cha Eun Woo', 'a.mond', 'Jung Yoo Ahn', 'Lee Joo Seung']",G - All Ages,Unknown,Yoon Sung Ho,Unknown
916,"Remember, Hari",https://mydramalist.com/30491-remember-hari,"Mystery,  Horror,  Romance,  Supernatural","School Setting, Warm Female Lead, Shy Male Lead, High School, Web Series, Ghost, Love Triangle, Investigation, Youth, Suspense ","The story takes place in a high school. Hari attends a high school with her two friends, Ka Eun and Hyun Woo. Rumors are circulating that one of the students in the school, Park Joo Min, is possessed by a ghost. Although Hari is skeptical of the rumors, strange events start happening in the school. A guy named Kang Lim shows up and claims that Hari and he were friends. Who is this mysterious boy and are the rumors true?(Source: Wikipedia)",7.6,278,12,"['Park Ji Ye', 'Lee Hyun Jun', 'Lee Dong Gil', 'Jang So Jeong', 'Jung Sung Young', 'Lee Hyo Na']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Tooniverse,Unknown,Unknown
917,Make a Woman Cry,https://mydramalist.com/13261-make-a-woman-cry,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Father-Son Relationship, Male Chases Female First, Strong Female Lead, Nice Male Lead, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Multiple Mains, Brothers' Relationship, Badass Female Lead, Big Family, Soap Opera ",One difference that separates humans from animals is that people have emotions. So describing the emotions of different characters in a TV drama is an important part of the storytelling process. What is it like for a person to love another person? What is it like for a person to forgive another? This TV drama is made with the premise of influencing people to become gentler and stronger human beings.(Source: MBC),7.6,270,40,"['Kim Jung Eun', 'Song Chang Eui', 'Ha Hee Ra', 'Oh Dae Gyu', 'Lee Tae Ran', 'In Gyo Jin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Kim Keun Hong,  Park Sang Hoon",Ha Chung Ok
918,Prosecutor Princess,https://mydramalist.com/88-prosecutor-princess,"Comedy,  Law,  Romance,  Drama","Airhead Female Lead, Revenge, Love Triangle, Ugly To Attractive, Neighbors' Relationship, Hardship, Prosecutor Female Lead, Innocent Female Lead, Hidden Agenda, Over-protective Family ","Ma Hye Ri is a woman with an excellent memory and ability to focus, which allowed her to pass the bar exam with ease. Despite her talents, she is more interested in being fashionable and dislikes hard work so she is far from being an ideal prosecutor and has doubts about her suitability for her job. Through her conflicts with senior colleages and struggles with difficult cases, however, Hye Ri gradually matures into a brilliant prosecutor with a sense of duty and justice.",7.6,9704,16,"['Kim So Yeon', 'Park Shi Hoo', 'Han Jung Soo', 'Choi Song Hyun', 'Kang Samuel', 'Choi Sung Ho']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Jin Hyeok,So Hyun Kyung
919,Tempted,https://mydramalist.com/26230-love-game-the-great-seduction,"Romance,  Youth,  Drama,  Melodrama","Rich Male Lead, Bad Man/Good Woman, Love Triangle, Friendship, Hardworking Female Lead, Second Chance, Revenge, Naive Female Lead, Popular Male Lead, Hatred ","Rich and privileged twenty-somethings uncover their true motives and reveal their depravity while playing a dark and dangerous game.Set on revenge, popular player Kwon Shi Hyun makes a bet with friends he can seduce Eun Tae Hee, a naive girl who believes those swayed by love are foolish. Time spent together leads Tae Hee to reassess her view of love. As Shi Hyun's secret deepens, so do his feelings for his intended victim. Can scandal and heartache be far off? (Source: Wikipedia)~~ Adapted loosely on the novel ""Les Liaisons Dangereuses"" by Pierre Choderlos-de-Laclos.~~ Two versions available: 32 episodes (TV) || 16 episodes (online)",7.6,29840,32,"['Woo Do Hwan', 'Joy', 'Mun Ka Young', 'Kim Min Jae', 'Jeon Mi Seon', 'Shin Sung Woo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Kang In,  Lee Dong Hyun",Kim Bo Yeon
920,All About Eve,https://mydramalist.com/664-all-about-eve,"Romance,  Life,  Drama,  Melodrama","Heir Male Lead, Adoption, Male Chases Female First, Journalism, Forgiveness, Love Square, Nice Male Lead, Rich Male Lead, Unrequited Love ","This drama is about two girls, Jin Sun Mi and Heo Young Mi. Sun Mi had a nice childhood and grew up with lots of love from her father. Young Mi's mother left her when she was young, and her father was a drunk who had recently died. She had a hard childhood but never gave up and made it into college.(Source: DramaWiki)",7.6,1106,20,"['Chae Rim', 'Kim So Yeon', 'Jang Dong Gun', 'Han Jae Suk', 'Han In Soo', 'Park Won Sook']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Lee Hyung Sun,  Han Cheol Soo,  Lee Jin Suk",Park Ji Hyun
921,Capital Scandal,https://mydramalist.com/1318-capital-scandal,"Historical,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Japanese Colonial Rule, Friendship, Strong Female Lead, Mother-Daughter Relationship, 1930s, Historical Fiction ","This drama is set in the 1930's when Korea was under the rule of Japan. Na Yeo Kyeong was the owner of a book store and she was also a freedom fighter. Seon Woo Wan was the playboy son of a rich family and he became involved in the independence movement through a bet with his co-workers to win Na Yeo Kyeong's heart. His father paid for the education of his worker's son, Lee Soo Hyeon, and was disappointed to find him working for the Security Branch of the Japanese government. Cha Song Joo was a famous gisaeng who ran a high class brothel.",7.6,1306,16,"['Ryu Jin', 'Han Go Eun', 'Kang Ji Hwan', 'Han Ji Min', 'Lee Kyung Jin', 'Jang Tae Sung']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,KBS2,Han Joon Seo,Jin Soo Wan
922,Nightmare Teacher,https://mydramalist.com/15646-nightmare-teacher,"Mystery,  Horror,  Youth,  Supernatural","High School, Web Series, School Bullying, Time Travel, Student Supporting Character, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Amateur Detective Female Lead, Teenager Supporting Character ","When a new teacher arrives, students' dreams begin to come true. Ye Rim, the class president, has to solve the bizarre and scary mystery before it's too late.",7.6,8237,12,"['Kim So Hyun', 'Lee Min Hyuk', 'Uhm Ki Joon', 'Seo Shin Ae', 'Kim Da Ye', 'Baek Seung Do']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
923,Cleaning Up,https://mydramalist.com/705981-cleaning-up,"Comedy,  Crime,  Drama","Student Supporting Character, Co-workers' Relationship, Non-MDL Remake, Broker Male Lead, Public Officer Supporting Character, Ex-spouse Relationship, Manager Supporting Character, Female Centered Plot, Loan Shark Supporting Character, Janitor Supporting Character ","Eo Yong Mi, Ahn In Kyung and Maeng Soo Ja work as cleaning ladies at a brokerage company.Eo Yong Mi raises her two daughters by herself and she struggles to make a living. An In Kyung dreams of buying a food truck to run a mobile cafe business. Maeng Soo Ja seems like a very sociable person, but she is only friendly to people when she needs them. These three cleaning ladies happen to overhear insider information at their workplace. They invest their money in a stock, using the insider trading information.(Source: AsianWiki)~~ Remake of the British series ""Cleaning Up"" [2019].",7.6,566,16,"['Yeom Jung Ah', 'Jeon So Min', 'Kim Jae Hwa', 'Lee Moo Saeng', 'Na In Woo', 'Jang Shin Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,Yoon Sung Shik,Choi Kyung Mi
924,Love in Sadness,https://mydramalist.com/31550-i-love-when-i-m-sad,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Psychological, Greed, Plastic Surgery, Domestic Abuse, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Evil Parental Figure, Identity Swap, Post-traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD), Hardship, Unhealthy Mains' Relationship ","“Love in Sadness” is a love story that encapsulates the mythical-like fate of love that is so coveted that it ignores all bounds. In it, love outweighs what the world thinks, ignores the pain and anguish with it, and pursues its destiny. In the drama, Ma Ri is a beautiful girl, married into wealth with a seemingly perfect life. Ironically, her husband, In Wook, who looks like a more than ideal husband, is an obsessive lunatic who is also violently abusive. When he pushes her too far, she reaches out for help from Jung Won, an honest, smart, handsome plastic surgeon. And when he agrees to help her escape from her husband's hands, they fall in love. But In Wook, who is consumed by his obsession for her, isn't going to let her get away from his grasp. Watch as these two characters struggle to stay on their arduous road to love.(Source: Viki)",7.6,1443,40,"['Ji Hyun Woo', 'Park Han Byul', 'Ryu Soo Young', 'Wang Bit Na', 'Go Joo Won', 'Moon Hee Kyung']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Choi Yi Sup,Song Jung Rim
925,Crime Puzzle,https://mydramalist.com/53047-crime-puzzle,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Psychological,  Crime","Torture, Smart Male Lead, Gore, Murder, Cult, Investigation, Suspense, Death, Prison Setting, Good And Evil ","Yoo Hee is a young, budding criminal profiler whose father is suddenly murdered in a series of unexpected killings. After the deaths, Han Seung Min, a popular and high-profile forensic psychologist professor – and also a former flame of Yoo Hee’s – comes forward to confess to the crime. The police take him into custody and he is eventually sent to a high-security jail that positively teems with some of the nation’s most dangerous inmates.But as Yoo Hee begins to investigate the crime, she cannot shake the hunch that Han Seung Min is not the killer after all – and that he may have other, hidden motives for confessing to the crime. But time is running out for her to solve the case: violence rules at the prison, where Han Seung Min appears to be on a mysterious quest of his own. Can she crack the riddle before time runs out? And if Han Seung Min really didn’t kill her father...then who did?(Source: Viki)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Crime Puzzle"" (크라임 퍼즐) by Meen.",7.6,771,10,"['Yoon Kye Sang', 'Go Ah Sung', 'Yoon Gyung Ho', 'Song Sun Mi', 'Kwon Soo Hyun', 'Woo Hyun']",Not Yet Rated,Genie TV,Go Jae Hyun,Choi Jong Gil
926,The Banker,https://mydramalist.com/32444-the-banker,"Business,  Drama,  Political","Adapted From A Manga, Workplace Setting, Bank Setting, Accountant Male Lead, Office Worker Male Lead, Hardship, Mature Female Lead, Sincere Male Lead, Honest Male Lead, Competent Female Lead ","It tells the story of a bank auditor pursuing justice and policy changes at a time when an economic bubble is collapsing. No Dae Ho is an honest and sincere man. He works as a branch manager at Daehan Bank, which is located in a small city. The branch is on a soon-to-be shutdown list. Surprisingly, No Dae Ho is promoted to the auditor at the bank’s headquarters in Seoul. No Dae Ho then faces corruption at the bank.(Source: koreandrama.org)~~ Adapted from the manga “Kansayaku Nozaki Shuhei” written by Ryouka Shuu and illustrated by Shigeru Noda.",7.6,226,32,"['Kim Sang Joong', 'Chae Shi Ra', 'Yoo Dong Geun', 'Kim Tae Woo', 'Ahn Woo Yeon', 'Shin Do Hyun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Lee Jae Jin,Bae Sang Wook
927,Seonam Girls High School Investigators,https://mydramalist.com/12118-seonam-girls-high-school-investigators,"Mystery,  Life,  Youth,  Drama","High School, Investigation, Friendship, Female Centered Plot, Teenager Female Lead, Sismance, School Bullying, Family Pressure, Adapted From A Novel, Student Supporting Character ","Chae Yul is an exemplary student who has a genius brother who gets all the attention in her family, which makes her feel inferior. After failing to get into a highly-competitive, top-ranked foreign-language high school, she is forced to enroll at Seonam Girl’s High School by her mother, who figures that Chae Yul could get straight As at a less-competitive public high school. She believed that it would eventually help Chae Yul get into a top university.On her first day at the all-girls high school, Chae Yul is assaulted by “Biter,” a perverted and demented guy. This incident quickly spreads through the school, and everyone gossips about it. To avoid peer attention, she hides in a secluded spot on campus. But she also happens to pass by Mr. Yeon Jun, one of the school’s teachers. “This cologne… It’s the exact same cologne that the “Biter” was wearing!’ Now Chae Yul becomes highly suspicious of Yeon Jun.Her inexplicable karmic connection with Yeon Jun, the mystery teacher, begins. While Chae Yul is still confused by everything that is happening around her, four strange girls who call themselves the “Seonam Girl’s High School Detectives” bump into her. “We’re also victims of ‘Biter.’ Help us track him down,” the girls say. It was such an odd request, and Chae Yul refused to join them, but she eventually found herself helping the group find the offender. To their surprise, they uncover an uncomfortable secret that goes much deeper than they could have ever imagined!(Source: JTBC)",7.6,1838,14,"['Jin  Ji Hee', 'Kang  Min Ah', 'Lee Hye Ri', 'Stephanie Lee', 'Lee Min Ji', 'Kim Min Joon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,"Yoo Woon Hyuk,  Yoo Jung Hwan",Shin Kwang Ho
928,Assembly,https://mydramalist.com/14371-assembly,"Law,  Drama,  Political","National Assembly, Nice Male Lead ","Jin Sang Pil is a welder at a shipyard, but when he and his fellow workers get laid off, he fights for their reinstatement as the spokesman for the labor union. To his surprise, this leads to him becoming a newly elected member of the National Assembly. But because of his idealism and naiveté, Sang Pil finds it difficult to navigate the corridors of politics. Enter whip-smart aide Choi In Gyeong, who shows him the ropes and together they work to accomplish real change within the government.",7.6,309,20,"['Jung Jae Young', 'Song Yoon Ah', 'Jang Hyun Sung', 'Park Young Gyu', 'Ok Taec Yeon', 'Kim Seo Hyung']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Hwang In Hyuk,Jung Hyun Min
929,Forecasting Love and Weather,https://mydramalist.com/692969-office-romance-cruelty,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Older Woman/Younger Man, Boss-Employee Relationship, Secret Relationship, Smart Male Lead, Teamwork, Reporter Female Lead, Mother-Daughter Relationship, Cold Female Lead, Nice Male Lead, Fast Paced Romance ","A romance drama about the work and love in the office of National Weather Service, hotter than tropical nights and more unpredictable than localized heavy rains.Jin Ha Kyung is an intelligent and highly organized individual who does everything by the book and is fastidious about keeping her personal and professional lives separate. Due to her cold demeanor, she has few friends at work and has become an “outsider by choice.”Lee Shi Woo is a free spirit who is always thinking outside the box. Although he can appear clumsy, he boasts an impressive IQ of 150 and is able to achieve anything once he sets his mind to it. However, in spite of his intelligence and abilities, all he cares about is the weather.Han Ki Joon is a handsome and quick-witted character with a silver tongue. Using his formidable powers of persuasion, Han Ki Joon eventually gets scouted by the spokesperson's office after struggling in the early days of his career at the service. However, because he has lived his entire life as a model student, he has a hard time dealing with failure.Chae Yoo Jin is a daily weather reporter. Although she went into her job with lofty dreams of breaking news, exciting scoops, and on-site reports, Chae Yoo Jin was ultimately assigned to the “weather and lifestyle team.” While she was initially disappointed by the assignment, she eventually comes to grow fond of her job.(Source: JTBC studios, Soompi)",7.6,19454,16,"['Park Min Young', 'Song Kang', 'Yoon Park', 'Yura', 'Kim  Mi Kyung', 'Jung Woon Sun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"jTBC,  Netflix",Cha Young Hoon,Sun Young
930,Flower Boy Next Door,https://mydramalist.com/5626-flower-boy-next-door,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Unrequited Love, Love Triangle, Eccentric Male Lead, Nice Male Lead, Adapted From A Webtoon, Childish Male Lead, Shy Female Lead, Social Anxiety Disorder, Creative Director Male Lead, Manhwa Artist Male Lead ","This is a drama about a girl, Go Dok Mi who is a shut-in Miss Lonelyhearts type, who spends her days spying on the man living in next building. She is caught spying by her other neighbor, Enrique Geum. Meanwhile, Oh Jin Rok is the man who notices her from long ago, and knows everything about her and will fall in love with her.Go Dok Mi is a ′city Rapunzel′ who never ventures outdoors, yet has her own set of charms that makes men go weak. Oh Jin Rok is a scruffy manhwa artist. Enrique Geum is a genius creative director, who is good-looking, stylish and bohemian and can′t get enough of soccer. He will form a love line with Go Dok Mi.(Source: KoreanDrama.org)",7.6,28556,16,"['Park Shin Hye', 'Yoon Shi Yoon', 'Kim Ji Hoon', 'Park Soo Jin', 'Go Kyung Pyo', 'Kim Yoon Hye']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Jung Jung Hwa,Kim Eun Jung
931,Convenience Store Fling,https://mydramalist.com/686413-something-convenience-store,Romance,"Reverse-Harem, Web Series, Miniseries, Short Length Series, Multiple Mains, Cold Male Lead, Tsundere, Convenience Store Setting ","Arriving at work at the convenience store to replace the salesperson, Joo Ah recognizes a guy she ran into on the street. He is very grateful to her, he needs to leave the store to get the prize. Joo Ah remains to work in the store and meets young guys, there are four of them. They are all with different personalities, cute, funny, charismatic, cocky and charming. Now Joo Ah has a job and she needs to work conscientiously to become a worthy employee, but what kind of work is there and how can she resist when four handsome men simultaneously show her attention.(Source: doramafox.ru)",7.6,2579,6,"['Choi Ji Su', 'Kim Dong Hyun', 'Jung Su Bin', 'Jung Woo Seok', 'Bong Jae Hyun', 'Kim Hyun Mok']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
932,"Friend, Our Legend",https://mydramalist.com/9-friend-our-legend,"Action,  Military,  Romance,  Crime","School Setting, Friends To Enemies, Coming Of Age, Political, Drama, Youth, Comedy, Business, Friendship ","Friend, Our Legend is a drama adaptation of the 2001 gangster classic film ""Friend"" both by the same director, Kwak Kyung Taek. This drama is a gritty, brilliant, star-studded tale of four childhood friends who grow up to become enemies and bitter rivals. Hyun Bin plays a hardened mobster; a role made a legend by Jang Dong Gun in the film.",7.6,300,20,"['Hyun Bin', 'Kim Min Joon', 'Seo Do Young', 'Wang Ji Hye', 'Lee Si Eon', 'Jung Yoo Mi']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),MBC,Kwak Kyung Taek,"Kim Won Seok,  Han Seung Woon"
933,Discovery of Romance,https://mydramalist.com/9849-discovery-of-romance,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Love Triangle, Misunderstanding, Second Chance, Childhood Friends' Relationship, Flashback To Past, Ex-Boyfriend Comes Back, Secret Relationship, Infidelity, Friendship ","Nam Ha Jin works as a plastic surgeon and he is a warm-hearted type of fellow. He has been in a relationship with Yeo Reum for 3 years and they love each other. Then, suddenly, her ex-boyfriend Kang Tae Ha appears in front of her and begs for forgiveness.",7.6,5871,16,"['Jung Yu Mi', 'Eric Mun', 'Sung Joon', 'Yoon Jin Yi', 'Yoon Hyun Min', 'Kim Seul Gi']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Lee Eung Bok,  Kim Seong Yoon",Jung Hyun Jung
934,Splendid Politics,https://mydramalist.com/11842-hwajeong,"Historical,  Drama,  Political","Scheme, Power Struggle, Hidden Identity, Revolt, Gwanghae, Revenge, Rebellion, Joseon Dynasty, Cross-Dressing, Love Triangle ","Princess Jung Myung was the only direct descendant of King Seon Jo still alive and when she was born, her birth was celebrated around the palace. She had the sweetest smile a baby could have. Queen In Mok was relieved that she had a baby girl instead of a boy. According to the seer Nam Sa Go, the baby she carried would become the true ruler of the Joseon Dynasty, a king of kings and have a princess proved the prophecy to be wrong. But the turbulent times took a heavy toll on Princess Jung Myung. Upon the death of King Seon Jo, Gwang Hae ascended the throne and his first order of business was to eliminate Prince Yeong Chang and banish Queen In Mok from the palace. Then his next target was Princess Jung Myung. When In Mok learned that her daughter’s life was in danger, she sent her into hiding. But assassins tracked Jung Myung down. Through the heroic sacrifice of her bodyguard, Jung Myung was put on a boat that sailed adrift in the sea. Meanwhile, the bodyguard and nanny set their boat ablaze and died to fool the assassins. Jung Myung witnessed her nanny and bodyguard consumed by the flames. Adrift on the boat, Jung Myung lost consciousness and was picked up by a merchant boat crossing to Dejima in Japan. She was sold as a slave. To survive in the hostile environment she hid the fact that she was a princess. She also vanquished her memories of ever being a princess so that she could focus on how to get revenge. Posing as a boy, Jung Myung worked as a laborer in the sulfur mine. But she discovered hope in the depths of her despair. It was a friendship between Ja Gyung that helped her cling to life. But she never lost her focus on returning to Joseon one day and bringing the downfall of Gwang Hae who had taken everything away from her. Then an opportunity arose. She began peddling information and secrets in the sulfur mines. Leveraging her strategic location, she followed the Joseon delegation visiting Japan back to Joseon. Finally, her dream to return to Joseon had come true…(Source: MBC)",7.6,853,50,"['Cha Seung Won', 'Lee Yun Hee', 'Kim Jae Won', 'Seo Kang Joon', 'Han Joo Wan', 'Jo Sung Ha']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Kim Sang Ho,  Choi Jung Gyu",Kim Yi Young
935,Queen Insoo,https://mydramalist.com/3194-queen-insoo,"Historical,  Drama","King Male Lead, Historical Figure, Historical Fiction, Sejong The Great, Royalty, Strong Female Lead, Joseon Dynasty ","Queen Insu (1437~1504) was the wife of king Deok Jong and a daughter of Hanh Wak, the second state councilor. Since the 2nd year of Sung Jong's reign, she was called Queen Insu. she was evaluated as the best stateswoman in Joseon. This drama series depicts the ill-fated relationships of three women and their destinies. During the era of king Dan Jong, the sixth king of the Joseon Dynasty, Prince Soo Yang’s son, Do Won, was married to Han Jung. Unlike other women, Han Jung did not try to hide her ambition for political power. She eventually stood against Queen Jung Hee, her mother-in-law, and set her son on the throne to assume power. But when Deposed Queen Lady Yun appeared, the conflict between the three women reached its climax.(Source: JTBC)",7.6,225,60,"['Ham Eun Jung', 'Chae Shi Ra', 'Hong So Hee', 'Park Jung Hak', 'Kwon Ki Sun', 'Choi Ji Na']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,"Lee Tae Gon,  Noh Jong Chan,  Kim Jae Hong",Jung Ha Yeon
936,Just One Bite,https://mydramalist.com/72073-just-one-bite-pilot,Romance,"Miniseries, Web Series, Friendship ",Unknown,7.6,217,2,"['Kim Ji In', 'Seo Hye Won', 'Shin Do Hyun', 'Kim Chul Min', 'Lee Shin Young']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Baek Min Hee,Unknown
937,Heartstrings,https://mydramalist.com/1445-heartstrings,"Music,  Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Love Triangle, Grandpa-Granddaughter Relationship, Band, Competition, Female Chases Male First, Student Supporting Character, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Songwriter Male Lead ","Lee Shin is a university student majoring in modern music. He is the vocalist of the band ""The Stupid"" and also plays the guitar. He is known for his good looks and his strong passion for music but is in reality a cold person who is uninterested in non-music related things and has no dreams nor plans for the future. Shin initially likes a dance professor at his university, but this all changes when he meets Lee Kyu Won.Lee Kyu Won is a bright and outgoing student who was born into a prestigious family and is majoring in traditional Korean instruments, especially the gayageum. Kyu Won's grandfather, Lee Dong Gun, is one of the top 3 traditional musicians of his age, and his biggest wish is to have his granddaughter trained to become a traditional music prodigy in 10 years' time. Trying to live up to her grandfather's expectations, Kyu Won immerses herself in training and becomes a university student who knows nothing besides traditional music. As Kyu Won's friends are fans of ""The Stupid"", she was forced to go to the band's concert with them. There, she saw Lee Shin performing live and is immediately captivated by him.",7.6,34462,15,"['Park Shin Hye', 'Jung Yong Hwa', 'So Yi Hyun', 'Song Chang Eui', 'Kang Min Hyuk', 'Oh Won Bin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Pyo Min Soo,  Lee Min Chul",Lee Myung Sook
938,Govengers,https://mydramalist.com/40227-govengers,"Comedy,  Youth,  Supernatural","Clone, Time Manipulation, Multiple Mains, High School, Special Power, Superhuman Strength, School Bullying, Best Friends' Relationship, Supernatural Power, Mental Powers ","A group of misfit high school students find a mysterious phone in their school’s gymnasium. They turn on the phone and suddenly gain super powers! Choi Chan Yi, the leader, possesses the ability to talk with...fried chicken! Kang Tae Woo, an otaku, gains the ability to clone himself. Shin Jeong You, a singer trainee, has the ability to stop time. Eom Se Woong has the power to seduce people over the phone. Jeong Jin Hwan, a nerd, is able to transform into Hulk Guy whenever his heart rate increases. Kang Hye Rim can disable other people’s superpowers. Together they learn how to manage their super powers while also navigating the awkward world of high school.(Source: Apple TV)",7.6,202,12,"['Kang Tae Woo', 'Choe Chan Yi', 'Jung Jae Oh', 'Eom Se Ung', 'Shin Jeong You', 'Kang Hae Lim']",G - All Ages,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Kim Sang Woo,Unknown
939,Swallow the Sun,https://mydramalist.com/740-swallow-the-sun,"Action,  Romance","Orphan Male Lead, First Love, Adapted From A Novel, Poor Female Lead, Gambling, Father-Son Relationship, Revenge, Rich Male Lead, Mercenaries, Scapegoat Male Lead ","This novel-based story revolves mainly around four people who are drawn to Seogwipo, Jeju for a project. Kim Jung Woo and Lee Soo Hyun first met when they were children but lost track of each other for numerous years. Years later when Jung Woo meets Soo Hyun, he falls in love with her but his feelings are not reciprocated. Soo Hyun doesn't realize until much later that she's drawn to Jung Woo as well.",7.6,1012,25,"['Ji Sung', 'Sung Yoo Ri', 'Lee Wan', 'Jeon Kwang Ryul', 'Hong Seok Cheon', 'Yoo Oh Sung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Yoo Chul Yong,"Choi Wan Kyu,  Lee Seo Yoon"
940,To the Beautiful You,https://mydramalist.com/2278-to-the-beautiful-you,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Sports","High School, Cross-Dressing, Adapted From A Manga, High Jump, Student Supporting Character, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Roommates' Relationship, Athlete Male Lead ","Tae Joon became Jae Hee’s strength during her toughest time, and she leaves the US for Korea to enroll in a men’s physical education high school to help Tae Joon restart his high jump career.Tae Joon announces his retirement from the high jump national team and closes his heart, but his closed heart begins to open after meeting Jae Hee.Eun Gyul is confused about his sexual orientation as he falls in love with Jae Hee who is masquerading as a man. The student-athletes have a fun time training with each other and are not tied down to setting a record or competition. (Source: SBS International)~~ Adapted from the manga series “Hanazakari no Kimitachi e” (花ざかりの君たちへ) by Nakajo Hisaya (中条比紗也).",7.6,32983,16,"['Sulli', 'Choi Min Ho', 'Lee Hyun Woo', 'Kim Ji Won', 'Seo Joon Young', 'Kang Ha Neul']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Jeon Ki Sang,Lee Young Chul
941,The Heirs,https://mydramalist.com/6640-the-heirs,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","High School, Family Pressure, Love Triangle, School Bullying, Rich Male Lead, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Male Chases Female First, Poor Female Lead, Controlling Parent, Sibling Rivalry ","Kim Tan is the heir to Empire Group who has been sent to study abroad in the U.S. In reality it's a form of exile, as his elder half-brother back home schemes to take over the family business. While in the States, Kim Tan meets Cha Eun Sang, who arrived from Korea in search of her older sister. He feels himself falling for her, never realizing that she's the daughter of his family's housekeeper. When his fiancée Rachel Yoo arrives to bring him back to Korea, his heart is torn between love and duty.(Source: SBS World YouTube)",7.6,77340,20,"['Lee Min Ho', 'Park Shin Hye', 'Kim Woo Bin', 'Kim Ji Won', 'Kang Min Hyuk', 'Choi Jin Hyuk']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Kang Shin Hyo,  Boo Sung Chul",Kim Eun Sook
942,Bad Family,https://mydramalist.com/545-bad-family,"Comedy,  Romance,  Family","Bickering Mains' Relationship, Older Man/Younger Woman, Strong Female Lead, Amnesia ","Na Rim, who came from a wealthy household, lost her family in a car accident when she was nine. After the accident, she suffered from amnesia so her uncle hired Oh Dal Gun, an ex-ganster, to recreate a similar household with parents, sister, brother, grandparents and uncle in hopes that she would regain her memory. In a hurry, Oh Dal Gun ended up hiring all sorts of odd ball characters to act as members of Na Rim's family. None got along at the start and hilarious situation arose when all members tried to cope in front of the little girl and also to protect her from the one who caused her family's accident. Eventually they started to behave like a real family and cared for each other, proving that blood relation is not as important as a caring heart.~~ This drama is the second series in the SBS ""Bad"" trilogy.",7.6,1530,16,"['Lee Young Yoo', 'Kim Myung Min', 'Nam Sang Mi', 'Hyun Young', 'Yoo Hyung Kwan', 'Park Jin Woo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Yoo In Shik,  Bae Tae Seop",Lee Hee Myung
943,"Yeah, That's How It Is",https://mydramalist.com/15852-yeah-thats-how-it-is,"Comedy,  Romance,  Family",Big Family ,A big family where three generations live together in one house faces challenges and conflicts together to finally realize the true meaning of family.,7.6,242,54,"['Yoon So Yi', 'Wang Ji Hye', 'Lee Soon Jae', 'Kim Young Hoon', 'Kang Boo Ja', 'Hong Yo Sub']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Son Jung Hyun,Kim Soo Hyun
944,Heartbeat,https://mydramalist.com/746637-my-heart-beats,"Comedy,  Romance,  Fantasy","Cold Female Lead, Vampire Male Lead, Poor Female Lead, Cohabitation, Age Gap [Drama Life], Supernatural, Reincarnation, First Love, Age Gap [Real Life], Half-Human ","Seon Woo Hyul is a vampire who wants to become a human but ended up becoming half-human when he woke up a day before completing his 100 years of sleep. Meanwhile, Joo In Hae is a modern lady who shows no compassion about him and only wanted to survive. Will they find love and learn to care for each other now that fate brought them together?(Source: IM YourOnlyOne at MyDramaList)",7.5,4391,16,"['Ok Taec Yeon', 'Won Ji An', 'Yoon So Hee', 'Park Kang Hyun', 'Go Gyu Pil', 'Yoon Byung Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Lee Hyun Suk,  Lee Min Soo","Jung Seung Joo,  Kim Ha Na"
945,My Fellow Citizens!,https://mydramalist.com/32211-dear-citizens,"Comedy,  Romance,  Crime,  Political","Character Development, Elections, Social Satire, Hidden Identity, Strong Female Lead, Lying, Hardworking Female Lead, Repentance, Second Chance, Mad Dog ","Yang Jung Kook is a veteran conman, but he has never been arrested. One day, his girlfriend suddenly runs off with the money they were going to use for their marriage. Yang Jung Kook is extremely upset and he goes out to drink. He meets Kim Mi Young. She is going through a hard time herself because of her boyfriend's cheating ways. Yang Jung Kook tells her that he runs a business and Kim Mi Young tells him that she works for a small company. Kim Mi Young is actually a detective. They find comfort with each other and they develop a relationship romantically. On their wedding day, Kim Mi Young reveals to Yang Jung Kook that she is actually a detective.Meanwhile, Park Hoo Ja is a mysterious woman. She runs a private loan business that she inherited from her father. Her father was swindled by Yang Jung Kook. Park Hoo Ja finds Yang Jung Kook and blackmails him into running for a national assembly seat.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.6,3593,36,"['Choi Si Won', 'Lee Yoo Young', 'Kim Min Jung', 'Tae In Ho', 'Kim Eui Sung', 'Heo Jae Ho']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Kim Jung Hyun,Han Jung Hoon
946,Star in My Heart,https://mydramalist.com/1932-star-in-my-heart,"Romance,  Drama,  Family","Fashion Designer Male Lead, Singer Male Lead, Famous Male Lead, Famous Lead/Common Lead, Disapproving Parent, Evil Parental Figure, Orphan Female Lead, Music ","Lee Yun Hee is an orphan who is adopted into a hostile family environment. She harbors an undiscovered artistic talent, which helps to catapult her into the lives of two men: a promising star Kang Min Hee, a son of a rich businessman, and Joon Hee, a lead designer in a fashion house.(Source: Wikipedia, DramaWiki)",7.6,388,16,"['Choi Jin Shil', 'Ahn Jae Wook', 'Cha In Pyo', 'Jo Mi Ryung', 'Park Won Sook', 'Lee Young Hoo']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,"Lee Chang Han,  Lee Jin Suk","Kim Ki Ho,  Lee Sun Mi"
947,Because It's the First Time,https://mydramalist.com/14971-because-its-the-first-time,"Romance,  Life,  Youth","Unrequited Love, Love Triangle, Coming Of Age, Multiple Mains, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Housemates' Relationship, Young Adult Female Lead, Young Adult Male Lead ","With a freewheeling personality, Yoon Tae Oh is a 20-year-old freshman in college. He has been friends with Han Song Yi since they were little.  Now, he begins to have feelings for the girl who has a bright and positive personality. Meanwhile, Tae O has a friend, Seo Ji An, who is well-behaved and exemplary. A love triangle brews between these three people.",7.6,5089,8,"['Choi Min Ho', 'Park So Dam', 'Kim Min Jae', 'Lee Yi Kyung', 'Jung Eugene', 'Cho Hye Jung']",Not Yet Rated,On Style,Lee Jeong Hyo,Jung Hyun Jung
948,All About My Romance,https://mydramalist.com/5955-all-about-my-romance,"Comedy,  Romance,  Political","Forbidden Love, Secret Relationship, Male Chases Female First, Enemies To Lovers, Eccentric Male Lead, Love Square, Unrequited Love, Love/Hate Relationship, Secret Romance, Blackmail ","Kim Soo-Young is a newly elected member of the national assembly. He is a member of the conservative New Korea Party. Prior to his election, Kim Soo-Young worked as a judge, but became pressured by higher ups and decided to enter the political world. Now, Kim Soo-Young becomes involved in a tangled situation with national assembly member No Min-Young, who entered the political world after her sister's death. No Min-Young's sister was a presidential candidate. No Min-Young is also a member of the Progressive Labor Party, who only has two members in the national assembly. Kim Soo-Young and No Min-Young then begin to have romantic feelings for each other.",7.6,2023,16,"['Shin Ha Kyun', 'Lee Min Jung', 'Park Hee Soon', 'Han Chae Ah', 'Min Ji Ah', 'Gong Hyung Jin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Son Jung Hyun,Kwon Ki Young
949,Bicheonmu,https://mydramalist.com/2365-bicheonmu,"Action,  Historical,  Romance,  Fantasy","Open-minded Male Lead, Swordmanship, Faithful Male Lead, Meet Again, Time Skip, Strong Male Lead, Forbidden Love, Rivalry, Sword-fight, Mongol Empire ","This drama depicts the sacrifices four central characters make for love, vengeance and honor as each travels a road of chosen destiny.",7.6,330,14,"['Joo Jin Mo', 'Wang Ya Nan', 'Park Ji Yoon', 'Kim Kang Woo', 'Park Shin Hye', 'Lee Jong Hyuk']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Unknown,Kang Eun Kyung
950,Thumping Spike 2,https://mydramalist.com/17271-thumping-spike-2,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth,  Sports","Love Triangle, Competition, Character Development, Unrequited Love, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Athlete Male Lead, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead ","'Heart Thumping Spike 2' will tell the story of the nerdy, bookish Han Da Woon and pro 'genius' volleyball player Dong Hae Sung, and how the love slowly develops between the two.",7.6,3786,20,"['Kim So Eun', 'Lee Won Keun', 'Kim Sun Woong', 'Bae Jin Woong', 'Lee Ho', 'Shin Hyun Soo']",Not Yet Rated,MBN,Unknown,Choi Ji Yeon
951,"Meow, the Secret Boy",https://mydramalist.com/32545-man-that-bakes-bread,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Fantasy","Cohabitation, Cat, Nice Male Lead, Innocent Male Lead, Love Triangle, Double Identity, Transformation, Calm Male Lead, Hidden Identity, Eccentric Male Lead ","A graphic designer in her mid-twenties, Sol Ah harbors dreams of becoming a web-based comic author and has always had a love-hate relationship with cats.But Sol Ah’s life changes fast when she brings home a friendly feline. It turns out, however, that this is not any old cat. Named Hong Jo, he can take human form. Hong Jo becomes exceptionally fond of Sol Ah and goes to great pains to hide his human identity from her. He soon proves that he will do anything that is required in order to stay near her.Will Hong Jo manage to keep his identity a secret? And what could be in store for this remarkable feline-human duo as their relationship deepens?(Source: Viki)~~ Adapted from the webtoon series ""Welcome"" by Go A Ra.",7.6,11800,24,"['Kim Myung Soo', 'Shin Ye Eun', 'Seo Ji Hoon', 'Yoon Ye Joo', 'Kang Hoon', 'Ahn Nae Sang']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Ji Byung Hyun,  Goo Sung Joon",Joo Hwa Mi
952,Beautiful Days,https://mydramalist.com/722-beautiful-days,"Romance,  Life,  Drama,  Melodrama","Love Triangle, Singer Female Lead, Sick Female Lead, Music Industry, Cold Male Lead, Famous Lead/Common Lead, Entertainment Industry, Orphan Female Lead, Steamy Kiss, Calm Female Lead ","Lee Min Chul returns from studying in the US, to take an active role in his father's prospering music business, Victory Records. It turns out that his father was involved in unethical practices in the past, as well as the murder of the father of Min Chul's stepbrother, Sun Jae. Into the scene comes two girls from the orphanage, Yeon Soo and Se Na, who share a sisterly bond. Se Na gets inspired to become a pop star after a visit by the Victory Records boss on a charity event. Years pass and both girls arrive in Seoul to start their adult lives. However, they get separated. Yeon Soo finds a job working at Victory Records in hopes of one day meeting Se Na again and becomes involved in the lives of the stepbrothers, Min Chul and Sun Jae. Yeon Soo and Min Chul make a deal that they will help each other's siblings. Yeon Soo moves into Min Chul's family home as a tutor for his younger sister Min Ji, and Min Chul will help Se Na achieve her dream of becoming a singer. A complex drama unfolds, Min Chul and Sun Jae both fall for Yeon Soo. Yeon Soo chooses Min Chul, but their love is threatened by numerous obstacles.(Source: Wikipedia)",7.6,555,24,"['Lee Byung Hun', 'Ryu Shi Won', 'Lee Jung Hyun', 'Choi Ji Woo', 'Lee Kyung Jin', 'Kim Dong Hyun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Lee Jang Soo,Unknown
953,The Sound of Your Heart,https://mydramalist.com/32328-the-sound-of-your-heart-reboot-season-2,"Comedy,  Family,  Sitcom","Adapted From A Webtoon, Miniseries ","Adapted from the webcomic ""Maeumui Sori” by Jo Suk.",7.5,728,10,"['Sung Hoon', 'Kwon Yu Ri', 'Shim Hye Jin', 'Joo Jin Mo', 'Tae Hang Ho', 'Ji Soo Won']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Netflix,Unknown,Park Yeon Kyung
954,New Love Playlist,https://mydramalist.com/724653-new-love-playlist,"Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Young Adult Female Lead, Young Adult Male Lead, COVID-19, University, Love Square, Web Series ",“New Love Playlist” will tell the story of college students during the COVID-19 pandemic and how they deal with feelings of love in such an unimaginable and difficult time.(Source: Soompi),7.6,502,12,"['Oh Yu Jin', 'Yoo Jung Hoo', 'Bae Hyeon Jun', 'Kim Sun Bin', 'Yoon Ye Joo', 'Lee Ha Min']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Viki,Kang Min Kyung,Choi Yo Ji
955,Pride and Prejudice,https://mydramalist.com/10878-pride-and-prejudice,"Mystery,  Law,  Romance","Prosecutor Female Lead, Prosecutor Male Lead, Arrogant Male Lead, Multiple Mains, Mean Male Lead, Love Triangle, Investigation ",A group of passionate prosecutors join forces to bring lawbreakers who spread corruption to justice. This is a story about prosecutors who wield law and principles to fight the bad and protect the disenfranchised innocent victims who have no money or power in society.(Source: MBC),7.6,4100,21,"['Choi Jin Hyuk', 'Baek Jin Hee', 'Choi Min Soo', 'Lee Tae Hwan', 'Son Chang Min', 'Choi  Woo Shik']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Kim Jin Min,Lee Hyun Joo
956,"Delightful Girl, Choon Hyang",https://mydramalist.com/142-delightful-girl-choon-hyang,"Comedy,  Romance","Strong Female Lead, Love Triangle, Forced Marriage, Contract Relationship, High School To Working Life, High School, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Teenager Female Lead ","The story begins when Lee Mong Ryong is transferred from Seoul to a high school in Namwon, North Jeolla Province. Choon Hyang does her best to help Mong Ryong, her first love and the son of the Namwon Police Station chief, to enter a prestigious university. However, after meeting with Mong Ryong's first love, Chae Rin, Mong Ryong's love for Choon Hyang is shattered, although Choon Hyang's love remains unwavering. One day, Byeon Hak Do, CEO of a famous entertainment company, appears in her life. He exudes confidence that he can make any woman fall for him. But as Choon Hyang shows no interest in him, his self-esteem is profoundly damaged. Byeon Hak Do is determined to make her love him. ~~ Based on the ""Legend of Choon Hyang"".",7.5,6916,17,"['Han Chae Young', 'Jae Hee', 'Uhm Tae Woong', 'Park Shi Eun', 'Choi Ran', 'Hong Ji Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Jeon Ki Sang,  Ji Byung Hyun","Hong Jung Eun,  Hong Mi Ran"
957,Taste of Cat,https://mydramalist.com/31397-taste-of-cat,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Supernatural","Miniseries, Web Series, Body Swap, Time Travel, Infidelity, Bartender Male Lead, Shapeshifter Male Lead, Animal Representation, Healing, Magic ","After a difficult breaking up with ex-boyfriend, Han Ye suddenly receives a text from his new woman. When reading a letter, old memories washed over her. In the bar she was comforted by a mysterious guy. What happened next, she least expected in her life ...",7.5,827,4,"['Kim Wook', 'Lee Ho Yeon', 'Cha Bo Sung', 'Oh Se Young', 'Min Hyo Won', 'Lee Gyu Hyun']",G - All Ages,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
958,Big Bet,https://mydramalist.com/79099-casino,"Action,  Crime,  Drama","Co-produced, Miniseries, Gambling, Filmed Abroad ","Cha Mu Sik runs a casino bar, only to flee to the Philippines due to a crackdown by the National Tax Service. He launches a full-fledged casino business and strategizes winning over the political and business circles in the Philippines. However, he is suddenly framed as a suspect in Min Seok Joon's death and is tracked by Oh Seung Hoon of the Korean Desk. Betrayal is rampant in the presence of money. Who will be the last person standing?(Source: Hulu)~~ Co-production with the U.S.A.",7.5,650,8,"['Choi Min Shik', 'Son Suk Ku', 'Lee Dong Hwi', 'Kim Hong Pa', 'Lee Hye Young', 'Heo Sung Tae']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),"Disney+,  Hulu",Kang Yoon Sung,Unknown
959,"Noble, My Love",https://mydramalist.com/15171-noble-my-love,"Comedy,  Romance","Possessive Male Lead, Male Chases Female First, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Cold Man/Warm Woman, Rich Male Lead, Overbearing CEO, Contract Relationship, Web Series, Clingy Male Lead, Aggressive Male Lead ","Kang Hoon is the handsome, conceited CEO of a large company and heads D.O.L's Korean branch in Seoul. One day, he is kidnapped and dramatically escapes from the bad guys, but he bleeds so much that he blacks out in front of an animal hospital in a rural town. Yoon Seo, a veterinarian, finds him and treats him to recovery. Being kind-hearted, she won't accept any payment from him but he won't take no for an answer and buys the building her hospital is in, forcing her to set up practice in Seoul where she has both friends and frenemies from vet school. Even though he looks down on her, he pays her to pretend to be his girlfriend to avoid blind dates set up by his family, becoming more and more possessive of her time and attention. Can deeper feelings develop between a man so arrogant and a woman so genuine?(Source: Otabenga at MyDramaList)~~ Adapted from a web novel ""Noble, My Love"" (고결한 그대) by Go Gyul (고결).",7.5,18098,20,"['Sung Hoon', 'Kim Jae Kyung', 'Kim Dong Seok', 'Park Eun Seok', 'Lee Seung Yeon', 'Park Shin Woon']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Naver TV Cast,Kim Yang Hee,Unknown
960,Master of Study,https://mydramalist.com/55-master-of-study,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth","Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, Lawyer Male Lead, Multiple Mains, High School, Adapted From A Manga, Law ","When scrappy and abrasive lawyer Kang Suk Ho is put in charge of the liquidating Byung Moon High School, he sees his own troubled past in the problematic students who live their lives with no dreams. He then offers to teach them and proclaims that he will get the five most laziest students - Hwang Baek Hyun, Gil Pul Ip, Na Hyun Jung, Hong Chan Doo, and Oh Bong Goo - accepted into Cheonha University, the most prestigious college in the country. Everyone -- including the teachers, students and the school's director Jang Ma Ri -- calls him crazy. Quirky and earnest English teacher Han Soo Jung, who believes that the purpose of education is not about getting into a good college, likewise initially objects to Suk Ho's teaching methods and motivations. But he establishes a special class for the five delinquent students, including Hwang Baek Hyun who bumps heads right away with Suk Ho, to help them prepare for Cheonha University. (Source: Wikipedia)~~ Adapted from the manga ""Dragon Zakura"" (ドラゴン桜) by Mita Norifusa (三田 紀房).",7.6,5148,16,"['Kim Soo Ro', 'Bae Doo Na', 'Yoo Seung Ho', 'Go Ah Sung', 'Lee Hyun Woo', 'Park Ji Yeon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Yoo Hyun Ki,Yoon Kyung Ah
961,Let Me Off the Earth,https://mydramalist.com/69101-i-ll-get-off-from-earth,"Romance,  Youth,  Drama,  Fantasy","Short Length Series, Time Loop, Web Series, High School, School Bullying, Secret Crush, Friendship, Transfer Student Female Lead, Student Supporting Character, Student Female Lead ","Cho Han Gyeol stuck in a time loop that he went through the third in high school 33 times. He tried to break the loop, but the day after his graduation always became the entrance ceremony. He gave up and made a online Fortune teller that never went wrong to make fun of friends. One day, it starts to malfunction. Park Ye Jin, who had a crush on Han Gyeol, said that she is not into him anymore. Ahn Se Min, who was almost invisible at school, became an influencer representing the school. Meanwhile, Kim Ji Woo, a transfer student who has never been existed, shows up out of the blue. All these changes break Han Gyeol's boring but peaceful routine.(Source: PlaylistStudio.kr)",7.5,630,45,"['Cho Han Gyeol', 'Park Ye Jin', 'Ahn Se Min', 'Kim Ji Woo', 'Han Kyu Min', 'Choi Min Seo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive","Kim Joon Mo,  Wang Hye Ryung,  Kang Min Kyung,  Im Jung Seop","Jung Soo Yoon,  Lee Ye Dam,  Chae Ye Won"
962,Soul Plate,https://mydramalist.com/50383-soul-plate,"Food,  Fantasy","Healing, Restaurant Setting, Chef Male Lead, Multiple Mains, Hidden Identity, Web Series, Nice Female Lead, Miniseries, Strong Female Lead, Nice Male Lead ",A drama about ASTRO members -who are angels and descendants of Raphael- running a restaurant. They heal and comfort people visiting their restaurant with soul food.(Source: Kpopmap),7.5,1340,6,"['Cha Eun Woo', 'Ahn Sol Bin', 'Moon Bin', 'MJ', 'Jin Jin', 'Rocky']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
963,Dae Jang Geum Is Watching,https://mydramalist.com/30392-dae-jang-geum-is-watching,"Food,  Comedy,  Romance,  Supernatural","Entertainment Industry, Cooking, Slow Burn Romance, Boss-Employee Relationship, Love Triangle, Bromance, YouTuber Male Lead, Workplace Setting, Retail Clerk Female Lead, Fraternal Twin Female Lead ","This food-oriented drama imagines how the descendants of the famous Joseon woman doctor and alleged culinary genius Jang Geum (the subject of the famous sageuk Dae Jang Geum) might live today if they inherited some of her talents. San Hae  has been gifted with an excellent sense of taste which has made him a huge fan and connoisseur of food. His younger sister Jin Mi has been gifted with an exceptional sense of smell, and their younger brother Jung Shik has such excellent cooking skills he has his own Youtube vlog channel. The story follows San Hae at his work and his relationship with a rookie employee at his company, a woman named Bok Seung Ah.(Source: MyDramaList)",7.5,1042,16,"['Shin Dong Wook', 'Kwon Yu Ri', 'Lee Yeol Eum', 'Kim Hyun Joon', 'Lee Min Hyuk', 'Jung Yi Rang']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Oh Mi Kyung,  Sun Hye Yoon","Choi Woo Joo,  Park Eun Jung"
964,Hunted,https://mydramalist.com/722715-wild-boar-hunt,"Thriller,  Mystery","Village Setting, Countryside Setting, Married Female Lead, Married Male Lead, Neurological Disorder, Elder Female Lead, Dementia, Miniseries, Disability, Strong Female Lead ","While boar hunting goes on in an ordinary country village, a missing person case takes place. Surrounding the missing person case, the villager's secrets are revealed one by one.Young Soo is a middle-aged man in the country village. He is married to Chae Jung. One day, Young Soo goes into the mountain to hunt boars with his friends. The boars damage crops in the village. While in the mountain, Young Soo faces an unexpected situation.Ok Soon has lived with her grandson since her son and daughter-in-law died in a fire. Ok Soon believes the fire was set by some people in the village. She doesn't trust the villagers and, after being diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease, she is even more wary of them.Chae Jung is Young Soo’s wife. She often bursts out with anger at Young Soo, but she is otherwise a warm-hearted person. Due to her personality, she is popular among the villagers. After her son goes missing on the day Young Soo is boar hunting, she becomes mentally destroyed.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.5,416,4,"['Park Ho San', 'Kim Soo Jin', 'Ye Soo Jung', 'Lee Hyo Je', 'Lee Min Jae', 'Hwang Jae Yeol']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Song Yeon Hwa,Jo Beom Gi
965,Boys Over Flowers,https://mydramalist.com/2987-boys-over-flowers,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Rich Man/Poor Woman, School Bullying, Love Triangle, Mean Male Lead, Possessive Male Lead, Adapted From A Manga, Evil Parental Figure, Reverse-Harem, High School, Disapproving Parent ","Geum Jan Di comes from a poor family who owns a dry-cleaning shop. One day, she visits Shinhwa High School, a prestigious school for the wealthy, and saves a student trying to commit suicide because of bullying. For her heroic act, Jan Di receives a swimming scholarship and starts attending the school.In Shinhwa High, she meets the notorious F4, the most popular and powerful group of boys at the school, consisting of Gu Jun Pyo; the leader of F4 and heir to the Shinhwa Group, Yoon Ji Hu; the grandson of a former president of Korea, So Yi Jung; a skilled potter who comes from a family that owns the country's biggest art museum, and Song Woo Bin; whose family runs the country's largest construction company.Her life at school starts out miserable, as she doesn't fit in with other students because of her status, and later becomes worse when she is labeled as the new bullying target of the F4.(Source: MyDramaList)~~ Adapted from the manga ""Boys Over Flowers"" (花より男子) by Kamio Yoko (神尾葉子).",7.5,81812,25,"['Gu Hye Seon', 'Lee Min Ho', 'Kim Hyun Joong', 'Kim Bum', 'Kim Joon', 'Kim So Eun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Jeon Ki Sang,Yoon Ji Ryun
966,Radio Romance,https://mydramalist.com/26222-radio-romance,"Business,  Comedy,  Romance","Male Chases Female First, Famous Lead/Common Lead, Possessive Male Lead, Cold Man/Warm Woman, First Love, Selfish Mother, Love Triangle, Controlling Parent, Childhood Sweethearts, Secret Crush ","Song Geu Rim is a radio program writer who isn't exactly talented in writing. She's got the passion, initiative, and drive, but due to her lack of writing skills, she still remains an assistant writer. When she was young, the radio was the only thing in the world that she could share with her blind mother. She was consoled by the sounds of the radio and loved it more than anything, so she became a writer. When her radio program is on the verge of cancellation, she succeeds in casting top actor Ji Su Ho, who can't do anything without a script.(Source: KBS World)",7.5,16679,16,"['Kim So Hyun', 'Yoon Doo Joon', 'Yoon Park', 'Yura', 'Lee Re', 'Kwak Dong Yeon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Moon Joon Ha,  Hwang Seung Gi",Jeon Yoo Ri
967,Tree of Heaven,https://mydramalist.com/274-tree-of-heaven,"Thriller,  Romance,  Melodrama","Step-siblings Love, Suspense, Tragic Past, Love Triangle, Winter Setting, Self-sacrifice, Crybaby Female Lead, Forbidden Love, Possessive Male Lead, Miniseries ","Hana is a bright young girl who lost her father at a young age. When her mother returns to Japan, she comes with her new Korean husband and his son Yunsuh. Yunsuh's mother died during his 10th birthday and after her death, he gets emotionally scarred and becomes closed off. While Hana is fond of her new step-brother, he wants nothing to do with her. When their parents leave on their honeymoon, Hana's mother leaves the children with her deceased husband's sister who will manage their inn during the trip. While they are gone, the aunt and her daughter Maya abuse Hana and make plans to sell the inn in order to pay for gambling debts and college. Despite all of this, Hana finds comfort in her brother who begins to open up to her and eventually speaks after his 20th Birthday and the day his mother passed away. Yunsuh's mother died on the same day as he was turning 10, 10 years ago. As they start to have feelings for one another, Hana is afraid to love him. She soon leaves with her ""senpai"", Fujiwara Ryu, who also likes her. Later on, Maya gets jealous, and decides to make Hana's life even more miserable.(Source: TVDB)",7.5,3266,10,"['Park Shin Hye', 'Lee Wan', 'Asami Reina', 'Uchida Asahi', 'Lee Jung Gil', 'Sonim']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Lee Jang Soo,"Moon Hee Jung,  Kim Nam Hee"
968,Alone in Love,https://mydramalist.com/2346-alone-in-love,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","Slow Burn Story, Divorced Male Lead, Divorced Female Lead, Love Square, Marriage, Nice Female Lead, Multiple Couples, Nice Male Lead, Death, Adapted From A Novel ","Lee Dong Jin and Yoo Eun Ho got divorced 2 years ago, but somehow they keep meeting each other for some odd reason. Even after they've gotten a divorce, they keep meeting up at the donut shop where they used to date to keep a check on each other's love life. They sustain their relationship by making various excuses to meet such as marriage and divorce anniversaries.However, unlike other young couples who get easily married and divorced, these two really love each other. Nonetheless, others can't seem to leave them alone in their appeal as singles. Even though they love each other, in their pride, they end up introducing someone else to each other...~~ Adapted from the novel ""Love Generation"" (恋愛時代) by Hisashi Nozawa.",7.5,506,16,"['Son Ye Jin', 'Kam Woo Sung', 'Gong Hyung Jin', 'Lee  Ha Na', 'Oh Yoon Ah', 'Jin  Ji Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Han Ji Seung,  Lee Min Chul",Park Yeon Sun
969,"Breakup Probation, A Week",https://mydramalist.com/683105-a-week-delay-of-farewell,"Romance,  Drama,  Fantasy","Time Travel, Second Chance, Break Up, Death, Cohabitation, Coma, Self-sacrifice, Car Accident, Orphan Female Lead, Inferiority Complex ","Completely in love, Park Ga Ram and Kim Seon Jae were eagerly counting down the days to their wedding. But before either of them could say their vows, tragedy struck. Involved in a horrendous traffic accident, Seon Jae was gravely injured and Ga Ram didn’t survive. Left in a coma, Seon Jae had no way of knowing that he was now fighting for his life alone.Awaking from the accident to find herself in a place unlike any she had ever visited before, Ga Ram is approached by a stranger known only as X. Offering her a chance to save Seon Jae’s life, Ga Ram is eager to accept, but the generous offer comes with a catch. In order to save her beloved’s life, Ga Ram will be granted the chance to relive her last week on Earth, but during that time, she must break up with Seon Jae.Agreeing to the terms of the deal, Ga Ram returns to Seon Jae but soon realizes that breaking things off with him is going to be much more difficult than she could have possibly imagined. Will she be able to find a way to break up with him before it’s too late?(Source: Viki)",7.5,573,10,"['Kwon Yu Ri', 'Hyun Woo', 'Yun Ji On', 'An So Jin', 'Bang Eun Hee', 'Lee Jung Bin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Unknown,Unknown
970,Potato Star 2013QR3,https://mydramalist.com/7496-potato-star-2013qr3,"Comedy,  Romance,  Fantasy,  Sitcom","Rich Man/Poor Woman, Neighbors' Relationship, Family, Drama ","Computer programmer Hong Hye Sung dreams of becoming the Korean Mark Zuckerberg. An astronomical phenomenon occurs. A comet that falls onto earth in 2013 and causes all sorts of weird things to start happening. Therefore, the troubling things happen to the Noh family and their neighbours.",7.5,929,120,"['Ha Yeon Soo', 'Go Kyung Pyo', 'Yeo Jin Goo', 'Choi Song Hyun', 'Oh Young Shil', 'Noh Joo Hyun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,"Lee Kwang Jae,  Kim Byung Wook,  Jo Chan Joo",Lee Young Chul
971,Wonderful Life,https://mydramalist.com/321-wonderful-life-2005,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Marriage, One-night Stand, Shotgun Wedding, Contract Relationship, Pregnancy, Bickering Mains' Relationship, Family Relationship, Love Square, Strong Female Lead, Love/Hate Relationship ","Han Seung Wan and Jung Se Jin bump into each other at the airport and accidentally take each other's passports. They meet again and Seung Wan and Se Jin end up spending the day together. Both having to deal with love complications, they end up drunk and having a one night stand. Back in Korea, Se Jin discovers she is pregnant and leaves to have the baby alone. A year later, Se Jin's clueless sister ends up spilling the secret to Seung Wan at his parents birthday party, showing up with his baby daughter. Seung Wan and Se Jin are then forced to marry by their respective families. Complicated love takes place between Do Hyun, Se Jin, Chae Young and Seung Wan. The rest of the story revolves around the family's journey in learning to take responsibility and learning to love each other.",7.5,3593,16,"['Kim Jae Won', 'Eugene', 'Lee Ji Hoon', 'Han Da Gam', 'Joo Hyun', 'Sun Woo Yong Nyeo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Lee Chang Han,Unknown
972,Love for a Thousand More,https://mydramalist.com/21720-love-for-a-thousand-more,"Music,  Comedy,  Romance,  Supernatural","Web Series, Interspecies Romance, Older Woman/Younger Man, Musician Male Lead, Immortal Female Lead, Star Crossed Lovers, Miniseries, Immortality ","Pyeon Mi Jo is an immortal woman who does not wish to fall in love anymore. Nearly a thousand years old, her experiences in love tells her all men are ""bastards"" one way or another. But what's her current job? A Love Counselor. One day, she gets a new noisy neighbour, Yoo Joon Woo, a hip-hop crew leader.",7.5,2506,10,"['Kang Seung Yoon', 'Hwang Seung Eon', 'Kim Hee Jung', 'Jang Ki Yong', 'Kim Jin Woo', 'Lee Seung Joon']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Naver TV Cast,Park Bong Sub,Kwak Kyung Yoon
973,Woman of 9.9 Billion,https://mydramalist.com/39891-9-9-billion-women,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Drama","Revenge, Aggressive Male Lead, Investigation, Domestic Violence, Hot-Tempered Male Lead, Orphan Female Lead, Multiple Couples, Money Laundering, Greed, Inferiority Complex ","Jung Seo Yeon grew up with an abusive father. Then she escaped to begin again with an affectionate and loving man; unfortunately that chapter in her life was brief. And as she struggles to find happiness, she incurs 9.9 Billion won ($9 million USD) which is enough to  fund her ""fights against the world."" Meanwhile, the ex-detective Kang Tae Woo searches for the truth behind his younger sibling's death.",7.5,1151,32,"['Cho Yeo Jung', 'Kim Kang Woo', 'Oh Na Ra', 'Lee Ji Hoon', 'Jung Woong In', 'Kim Byung Gi']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Kim Young Jo,Han Ji Hoon
974,My Healing Love,https://mydramalist.com/30948-my-healing-love,"Romance,  Life,  Drama","Calm Female Lead, Calm Male Lead, Nice Male Lead, Slow Burn Romance, Strong Male Lead, Family Relationship, Cheating, Childhood Friends' Relationship, Workplace Setting, Father-in-law - Daughter-in-law Relationship ","The success story follows Im Chi Woo and Choi Jin Yoo as they pursue their own happiness.Im Chi Woo never wanted to become a good daughter, a good daughter-in-law or a good wife, but she sacrifices herself to take care of her family. She is married to immature Park Wan Seung and she works several part-time jobs to support her family. Under her difficult situation, she keeps smiling and maintaining her positive attitude.Choi Jin Yoo is a divorcee and he has a daughter. He works hard and tries to live positively for his daughter. He encounters a nightmare like a scenario.",7.5,290,80,"['So Yoo Jin', 'Yeon Jung Hoon', 'Yoon Jong Hoon', 'Ban Hyo Jung', 'Gil Yong Woo', 'Jung Ae Ri']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Kim Sung Yong,Won Young Ok
975,Secret Investigation Record,https://mydramalist.com/730-secret-investigation-record,"Historical,  Mystery,  Sci-Fi","Historical Fiction, Joseon Dynasty, Investigation ","Secret Investigation Record is based on cases detailed in the Annals of Joseon History with a bizarre twist; these incidents incorporate mysterious, supernatural elements that cannot be explained through science. Kim Hyung Do is an inspector of the state whose single-minded focus on his investigations into administrative misdeeds bring him into direct contact with these strange mysteries. Heo Yoon Yi is a government employee who aids him and attempts to understand these scientific impossibilities with an open mind, in contrast to his cynicism.",7.5,548,12,"['Kim Gab Soo', 'Im Jung Eun', 'Jo Hee Bong', 'Kim Ji Hoon', 'Jeon So Min', 'Jo Jung Eun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Kim Heung Dong,Choi Jong Goo
976,Hellbound,https://mydramalist.com/57415-hell,"Mystery,  Horror,  Drama,  Supernatural","Dark Fantasy, Propaganda, Supernatural Phenomena, Adapted From A Webtoon, Investigation, Suspense, Religion, Cult, Fantasy, Graphic Violence ","A story about otherworldly beings who appear out of nowhere to issue a decree and condemn individuals to hell. These supernatural events cause great mayhem and enable the religious group The New Truth to grow in influence. A few people, however, become suspicious about its activities and begin investigating its involvement in mysterious events.(Source: IMDb)~~ Adapted from the webcomic ""Hellbound"" (지옥) written by Yeon Sang Ho (연상호) and illustrated by Choi Kyu Seok (최규석).",7.5,16390,6,"['Yoo Ah In', 'Kim Hyun Joo', 'Yang Ik Jun', 'Park Jung Min', 'Won Jin Ah', 'Ryu Kyung Soo']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),Netflix,Unknown,Choi Gyu Seok
977,It's Okay to Be Sensitive Season 3,https://mydramalist.com/681949-it-s-okay-to-be-sensitive-2020,"Comedy,  Youth,  Drama","Idol Trainee, Feminist Message, Web Series, Short Length Series, Sex Scandal, Scandal, Miniseries, Sexual Content, Friendship ","In these times when it is difficult to completely guard ""oneself"" due to social and gender issues, the friendship story of four people delivering warm comfort to all the wounded people in the world.(Source: HanCinema)",7.5,336,8,"['Han Sung Yun', 'Kim Noh Jin', 'Lee Han Ik', 'Kim Moo Joon', 'Lee Yoo Jin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Naver TV Cast,  tvN",Unknown,Unknown
978,Not a Robot,https://mydramalist.com/35557-i-am-not-a-robot,"Romance,  Youth,  Sci-Fi","Android, Shy Female Lead, High School, Web Series, Robot, Hidden Identity, Friends To Enemies, Childhood Friends' Relationship, Short Length Series, Flashback To Past ",The story of a girl who shuts herself off from the world and a housekeeping robot who goes to school against the backdrop of a near future.(Source: Hancinema),7.5,893,12,"['Lee Soo Min', 'Ji Min Hyuk', 'Oh Se Eun', 'Kim Do Ah', 'Nam Yoon Su', 'Jang Sung Yoon']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Kim Yi Rang
979,Family,https://mydramalist.com/730561-family,"Action,  Thriller,  Comedy,  Drama","Spy Male Lead, Married Life, Double Identity, Romance, Hidden Identity, Family Struggle, Trader Male Lead, Sniper Male Lead, Married Female Lead, Married Male Lead ","Kwon Do Hoon is an expert sniper and a secret agent working for the National Intelligence Service. To conceal his true identity, he lives a double life as a regular trading company employee, keeping even his wife Kang Yoo Ra in the dark. Though he is occupied with his work, Kwon Do Hoon cherishes his wife deeply. Meanwhile, Kang Yoo Ra, a dedicated homemaker, harbors a secret. Their tranquil existence is thrown into turmoil when Tae Koo emerges, posing a threat to their carefully crafted façade.(Source: CK Warrior at MyDramaList)",7.5,1970,12,"['Jang Hyuk', 'Jang Na Ra', 'Chae Jung An', 'Kim Nam Hee', 'Lee Soon Jae', 'Kim Kang Min']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"TVING,  tvN","Jang Jung Do,  Lee Jung Mook",Jung Yoo Sun
980,Love Playlist Pilot,https://mydramalist.com/683585-love-playlist-pilot,"Romance,  Life,  Youth,  Drama","Jealousy, Multiple Mains, Miniseries, Web Series, Jealous Female Lead, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Young Adult Female Lead, Young Adult Male Lead ",A pilot story of 'Love Playlist' about five college students.,7.5,366,2,"['Kim Hyung Suk', 'Lee Yoo Jin', 'Choi Hui Seung', 'Im Hwi Jin', 'Jung Shin Hye', 'Park Jung Woo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
981,Glass Slippers,https://mydramalist.com/1133-glass-slippers,"Romance,  Melodrama","Soap Opera, Separation At Birth, Family ","This drama is about the lives of Tae Hee and Yun Hee, two sisters whose mother died while giving birth to Yun Hee. Their father, who loves them dearly, married their mother without their paternal grandfather's consent, and deprived of any familial support, the sisters and their father struggle to make ends meet even as their father faces a life-threatening illness. This drama follows Tae Hee and Yun Hee into adulthood as, separated by a cruel twist of fate, the girls come to lead very different lives, oblivious of one another.",7.5,523,40,"['Kim Ji Ho', 'So Ji Sub', 'Kim Hyun Joo', 'Han Jae Suk', 'Ha Jae Young', 'Hyun Suk']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Unknown,Kang Eun Kyung
982,Crazy for You,https://mydramalist.com/1115-crazy-for-you,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Older Woman/Younger Man, Winter Setting, Nice Female Lead, Car Accident, Attempted Sexual Assault, Tearjerker, Love Square, Strong Female Lead, Nice Male Lead ","Suh Jin Young is an aviation maintenance technician. Her fiance Jae Hoon passed away in a horrible traffic accident. Kim Chae Joon dreams of becoming an aviation maintenance technician, but he encounters prejudice because he is an ex-convict. He killed someone with his car. Suh Jin Young gives him a chance to work under her, and they fall in love. However, that love is severely tested when they both discover that Chae Joon's victim is Suh Jin Young's fiance, Jae Hoon.(Source: DW)",7.5,668,16,"['Yoon Kye Sang', 'Lee Mi Yeon', 'Go Joon Hee', 'Lee Jong Hyuk', 'Song Jae Ho', 'Jung Ji Ah']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Son Jung Hyun,Kwon Ki Young
983,The Undateables,https://mydramalist.com/27950-handsome-guy-and-jung-eum,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","Smart Male Lead, Matchmaking, Jealousy, Aquaphobia, Mean Male Lead, Heartbreak, Seaside Setting, Arrogant Male Lead, Family Conflict, Mental Illness ","This drama tells the story of a handsome and charming guy who is an expert of romance theories but not interested in love itself, meets a former athlete whom, after giving up her love because of harsh reality, decides to be a relationship counselor to make up for it. The drama portrays how they learn from each other to find a balance between theory and reality in love.(Source: KoreanDrama)",7.5,5761,32,"['Namkoong Min', 'Hwang Jung Eum', 'Choi  Tae Joon', 'Lee  Joo Yeon', 'Jung Moon Sung', 'Oh Yoon Ah']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Kim Yoo Jin,  Kim Yoo Jin",Lee Jae Yoon
984,Failing in Love,https://mydramalist.com/50769-failing-in-love,"Romance,  Life,  Youth,  Drama","High School, Web Series, Love Triangle, Smart Female Lead, Bromance, Shy Male Lead, Sweet Male Lead, Student, School Setting, Childhood Friends' Relationship ","Suffering from a separation anxiety disorder, Kang Pa Rang confesses his love for someone different every week. Lee Shi Won, Pa Rang's headstrong best friend, has stopped Pa Rang from dating anyone for the past 10 years. After getting rejected by girls time after time, Pa Rang confesses his love for Shi Won, his friend of 10 years, but gets rejected. There is a reason there are weird rumors about Shi Eon, the psychopath that is socially awkward but was elected class president for 10 consecutive years. He hides his true feelings behind his cold comments, but there is something in the way he looks at his decade-old friend Shi Won. At 18 years old, they have faced many hardships, challenges, and confessions, but it often fails. It’s an awkward age. Will they be able to find love instead of just having it end as an attempt?(Source: MBC)",7.5,3172,10,"['Son Sang Yeon', 'Yang Hye Ji', 'Shin Yoon Seop', 'Jo Ki Sung', 'Park Ji Won', 'Lee Seo Bin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"MBC,  vLive",Unknown,Lee Na Eun
985,Monstrous,https://mydramalist.com/705727-ghost,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Horror,  Supernatural","Suspense, Investigation, Smart Female Lead, Supernatural Phenomena, Miniseries, Survival, Eccentric Male Lead, Gore, Zombies, Friendship ","Jung Ki Hoon searches for strange supernatural phenomena as an archaeologist, but an unexpected case causes his life to change. He now publishes the occult magazine Monthly Strange Story and runs the YouTube channel Monthly Strange Story.  Because of his ex-wife, Lee Soo Jin, he goes to Jinyang County to research ""Gwibul"" (a Buddhist statue possessed by an evil spirit). There, he faces an incredibly bizarre and fearful phenomenon. Lee Soo Jin used to decipher letters and symbols as an archaeologist. She was excellent at her work. But, her only child dies, and she then goes to Jinyang County. There, Lee Soo Jin experiences mysterious phenomena, which leads her to search for answers. Meanwhile, the people of Jinyang County, including police substation chief Han Seok Hee, her son Han Do Kyung, governor Kwon Jong Soo, and trouble maker Kwak Yong Joo face incredibly bizarre phenomena.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.5,2873,6,"['Koo Kyo Hwan', 'Shin Hyun Bin', 'Kim Ji Young', 'Nam  Da Reum', 'Kwak Dong Yeon', 'Park Ho San']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,TVING,Jang Kun Jae,"Yeon Sang Ho,  Ryu Yong Jae"
986,Woman with a Suitcase,https://mydramalist.com/18982-woman-with-a-suitcase,"Law,  Drama,  Melodrama","Lawyer Female Lead, Wrongfully Accused, Slight Romance, Death, Strong Female Lead, Second Chance, Murder ","Cha Geum Joo was once an office manager with a thriving career, but that takes a major hit when she is penalized for violating the Attorneys-at-Law Act and sent to prison for it. The drama follows the success story as she comes back as an ex-con, and follows her dream to become an outstanding lawyer.",7.5,1255,16,"['Choi Ji Woo', 'Joo Jin Mo', 'Jeon Hye Bin', 'Lee Joon', 'Jang Hyun Sung', 'Jin Kyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Lee Jae Jin,  Kang Dae Sun",Kwon Eum Mi
987,The Return of Iljimae,https://mydramalist.com/526-the-return-of-iljimae,"Historical,  Romance,  Drama,  Martial Arts","Hidden Identity, Hidden Personality, Strong Male Lead, Tragic Past, Skilled Killer, Life Lesson, Searching For Biological Parents, Skilled Fighter, Found Family, Hidden Past ","The story is about a man fighting against a selfish and corrupt government to save ordinary peasants. Iljimae was abandoned by his birth father and adopted by a Chinese couple. He returns to Korea to find his birth family and realizes how unjust the world really is. He watched as his first love, Dal Yi, was wrongfully put to death. Iljimae then vows to help the commoners from the corrupt government officials.",7.5,1622,24,"['Jung Il Woo', 'Yoon Jin Seo', 'Kim Min Jong', 'Jung Hye Young', 'Oh Young Soo', 'Jung Yoo Chan']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Hwang In Roe,  Kim Soo Young","Do Young Myung,  Kim Kwang Shik"
988,Re-Feel,https://mydramalist.com/32779-re-feel,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Miniseries, Web Series, Jealousy, Love Triangle, Different Timelines, Unrequited Love, Heartbreak, Calm Male Lead, Strong Female Lead, Jealous Male Lead ","This is café re-feel, and we have signature drinks. Are you a student? If you show your ID card of Seoyon High School or Seoyeon University, you will get a 10% discount. Right, this café is close to Seoyon University and many students are coming. Do you know them? They usually hang out here. This café is their hideout. Will you join us? Come to this café re-feel.(Source: Playlist Studio)",7.5,1201,8,"['Lee Chan Hyung', 'Jeon Hye Yeon', 'Shin Jun Seop', 'Lee Seo Bin', 'Jung Hwi Young', 'Joo Eo Jin']",Not Yet Rated,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Unknown,Unknown
989,"Don't Lie, Rahee",https://mydramalist.com/718667-don-t-lie-rahee,"Romance,  Youth","Short Length Series, Miniseries, Liar Female Lead, Lying, First Love, Influencer Female Lead, Body Image, Web Series, Childhood Friends' Relationship, Poor Female Lead ","An icon of perfection on the outside, Noh Rahee is an influencer with 100k followers! As she tries to keep up the image of ""perfect Rahee"" made up with lies, her first love shows up! Will Rahee be able to keep her secrets till the end? (Source: KOK TV Youtube)",7.5,484,4,"['Kim Na Hyun', 'Kim Ji Woong', 'Choi Yeon Soo', 'Hong Dong Young', 'Kyung Da Eun', 'Kang Ha Na']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
990,The 3rd Ward,https://mydramalist.com/3337-the-3rd-ward,"Comedy,  Life,  Drama,  Medical","Hospital Setting, Surgeon Female Lead, Surgeon Male Lead, Doctor Female Lead, Doctor Male Lead, Family ","""The Third Hospital"" will reveal the tale of neurosurgeons working in an alternative hospital that practices both western and eastern medical practices.",7.5,661,20,"['Oh Ji Ho', 'Choi Soo Young', 'Kim Min Jung', 'Kim Seung Woo', 'Choi Yoon So', 'Nam Moon Chul']",Not Yet Rated,tvN,"Myung Hyun Woo,  Hwang Jung Hyun,  Kim Young Joon,  Kim Sol Mae",Sung Jin Mi
991,Wish Woosh Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/53189-wish-woosh-2,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Older Woman/Younger Man, Web Series, Workplace Setting, Office Setting, Office Worker Female Lead, Short Length Series, Confident Female Lead, Persevering Female Lead, Workplace Romance, Steamy Kiss ","The drama is centered around Min Ji Woo and her feelings and concerns towards love. She is a hard-working, confident and nearly perfect worker. One day, a new employee joins her workplace and turns her life upside-down.",7.5,774,10,"['Song Ji Eun', 'Shin Jeong You', 'Im Hyun Joo', 'Ji Hwa Seop', 'Gong Yoo Rim', 'Choi Woong']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,vLive,Unknown,Unknown
992,Wish You,https://mydramalist.com/79341-wish-you-your-melody-in-my-heart,"Music,  Romance,  Drama","Music Industry, LGBTQ+, Cohabitation, Gay Romance, Shy Male Lead, Miniseries, Singing, Web Series, Rich Male Lead, Gay Male Lead ","A free-spirited singer whose love of music has him performing on the streets, Kang In Soo’s life revolves completely around music. Supported by his friends, In Soo hopes to someday turn his love of music into a full-time career, but doing so isn’t easy. Refusing to give up on his dreams, In Soo continues busking, day in and day out, while his best friend, Choi Min Sung, records his performances and uploads them on YouTube. Little does either of them know that In Soo’s performances have caught the attention of someone who could change the young musician’s life forever.A keyboardist working at a major record company, Yoon Sang Yi is always on the lookout for new talent. After stumbling upon In Soo’s videos, Sang Yi has become one of the singer’s biggest fans. Convinced In Soo could make it big, he recommends the young artist join his company’s rookie discovery project. Seeing this opportunity in this invitation, In Soo accepts the offer and soon moves into the company residence with Sang Yi.As the two live and work together, their relationship grows, and slowly, new feelings begin to blossom. Unfortunately, as their feelings grow, so do the obstacles that stand in their way. Will In Soo and Sang Yi be able to find a way to overcome the trials before them or will their love fade before ever having a chance to fully bloom?(Source: Blupdate 2020)",7.5,15373,8,"['Kang In Soo', 'Lee Sang', 'Baek Seo Bin', 'Su Bin', 'Kang Ye Na', 'Jung Ji Yeon']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Viki,Seong Do Joon,Unknown
993,Risky Romance,https://mydramalist.com/28767-life-and-death-romance,"Comedy,  Romance,  Medical","Cold Man/Warm Woman, Eccentric Female Lead, Cohabitation, Hospital Setting, Surgeon Male Lead, Doctor Female Lead, Doctor Male Lead, Arrogant Male Lead, Death Of A Friend, Death ",Han Seung Joo is a neurosurgeon with a strong desire for winning. Joo In Ah is an endocrinologist who's obsessed with hormones. They fall in love.(Source: MyDramaList),7.5,1811,32,"['Lee Si Young', 'Ji Hyun Woo', 'Kim Jin Yeop', 'Yoon Joo Hee', 'Sun Woo Sun', 'Jang Se Hyun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Lee Chang Han,"Kim Nam Hee,  Heo Seung Min"
994,Reunited Worlds,https://mydramalist.com/23412-reunited-worlds,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama,  Supernatural","Supernatural Power, Reincarnation, Older Woman/Younger Man, Superhuman Strength, Love Triangle, Deception, Comedy ","Twelve years, after dying in a car accident, Sung Hae Sung suddenly appears alive and well not having aged a day. With the help of his friends and his childhood love Jong Won, Hae Sung sets out to make things right for his family and solve the mysteries surrounding his death and resurrection.",7.5,4587,40,"['Yeo Jin Goo', 'Lee Yun Hee', 'Ahn Jae Hyun', 'Shin Soo Ho', 'Lee Si Eon', 'Kim Jin Woo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Baek Soo Chan,Lee Hee Myung
995,Angel Eyes,https://mydramalist.com/9234-angel-eyes,"Romance,  Medical,  Melodrama","First Love, Male Chases Female First, Tearjerker, Second Chance Romance, Death, Second Chance, Lovers Separated, Time Skip, Doctor Male Lead, Death Of A Father ","Park Dong Joo is an intelligent and bright high-school boy who, after losing his father in a tragic accident, grew up in a warm and loving household with his mother and his sick younger sister. He does early morning part-time jobs to help his little family make ends meet and meets a blind girl, Yoon Soo Wan, in one of his early morning runs. The pair fall in love but had to separate due to sad and conflicting family histories. 12 years later, Park Dong Joo returns to South Korea after qualifying as an outstanding surgeon from the United States and he meets Yoon Soo Wan again. Unfortunately, Yoon Soo Wan, who had undergone an eye-transplant surgery and is now able to see, is unable to recognise him and even has a new boyfriend. What will Park Dong Joo do, and can the family histories which separated them be overcome again?(Source: MyDramaList)",7.5,9147,20,"['Gu Hye Seon', 'Lee Sang Yoon', 'Kim Ji Suk', 'Seo Tae Hwa', 'Kim Yeo Jin', 'Kang Ha Neul']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Park Shin Woo,  Choi Moon Seok",Yoon Ji Ryun
996,Record of Youth,https://mydramalist.com/52015-youth-report,"Romance,  Life,  Youth,  Drama","Family Relationship, Dysfunctional Family, Hardworking Male Lead, Grandpa-Grandson Relationship, Love Triangle, Family Pressure, Nice Male Lead, Strong Female Lead, Hardworking Female Lead, Modeling ","This is a drama about the growth record of young people who strive to achieve their dreams and love without despair in a generation where dreams have become a luxury and the passionate record of young people who beeline for their dreams in their own way, presenting excitement and empathy.Sa Hye Joon is smart and handsome. He is a nice guy and a popular model, but what he really wants is to become an actor. He has auditioned for many acting roles, but hasn’t found success yet. Unfortunately, Sa Hye Joon doesn’t have much presence as an actor. Meanwhile, Ahn Jung Ha works as a make up artist. Bright and cheerful on the outside but lonely on the inside, Jung Ha takes out her stress and frustrations by fan-girling over idols.(Source: KoreanDrama.org)",7.5,23519,16,"['Park Bo Gum', 'Park So Dam', 'Byeon Woo Seok', 'Kwon Soo Hyun', 'Ha Hee Ra', 'Park Soo Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Netflix,  tvN",Ahn Gil Ho,Ha Myung Hee
997,After School,https://mydramalist.com/8163-after-school-lucky-or-not,"Comedy,  Youth,  Fantasy","Web Series, Bromance, Student Female Lead, School Setting, Teenager Female Lead, Short Length Series, Slight Romance, Teamwork, Multiple Mains, High School ","Kim So Eun is a timid, unadventurous high school student until one day, she receives a mysterious note inviting her to the after-school “Lucky or Not Club.” It’s there that she meets five flower boys who choose her to be their new leader. Each day, the club draws a random slip of paper that contains a fantastical and extraordinary mission the group must complete, the process of which draws out Kim So Eun’s adventurous and bold side.(Source: Trakt.tv)",7.5,3657,12,"['Kim So Eun', 'Seo Kang Joon', 'Gong Myung', 'Yoo Il', 'Lee Tae Hwan', 'Kang Tae Oh']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Naver TV Cast,Jung Jung Hwa,Unknown
998,Witch's Love,https://mydramalist.com/29133-witch-s-love,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Fantasy","Magic, Love Triangle, Rich Male Lead, Secret Relationship, Sassy Female Lead, Love/Hate Relationship, Witch Female Lead, Hidden Identity, Black Magic, Superhuman Strength ","In plain sight in bustling Seoul, three generations of witches have been living below the radar of everyone around them. Kang Cho Hong operates a restaurant with her fellow witches, Maeng Ye Soon and Jo Aeng Doo. They try to keep a low profile, but Cho Hong’s youthful good looks attract the attention of a neighborhood guy, Hwang Jae Wook, who is constantly trying to get close to her.Cho Hong and her fellow witches’ quiet lives become complicated when their building landlord, Ma Sung Tae, shows up one day. Sung Tae wants to face a traumatic incident that happened to him in that building when he was a little boy.With Sung Tae nosing around their business on a regular basis, can Cho Hong keep her true identity a secret from him?(Source: Viki)",7.5,8730,12,"['Yoon So Hee', 'Hyun Woo', 'Hong Bin', 'Kim Young Ok', 'Go Soo Hee', 'Choi Jae Sub']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"MBN,  Viki",Park Chan Yool,Son Eun Hye
999,Radiant Office,https://mydramalist.com/22236-radiant-office,"Business,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Terminal Illness, Misunderstanding, Nice Female Lead, Hardworking Male Lead, Hardworking Female Lead, Teamwork, Smart Male Lead, Strong Female Lead, Boss-Employee Relationship, Nice Male Lead ","After failing several job interviews, Ho Won coincidentally hears that she has six months to live. And when everything seems hopeless, she finally lands on a job. She decides to make the most out of her life and undergoes a transformation into a sassy lady. This show provides vicarious enjoyment to young people who face harsh reality with diminished opportunities. In the show’s workplace, there is a culture clash between the young, brash workers who express their opinions and older workers who are anxious about the next wave of layoffs. At the same time, the show presents open communication and understanding as a means of overcoming these differences.(Source: MBC)",7.5,4551,16,"['Go Ah Sung', 'Ha Seok Jin', 'Lee Dong Hwi', 'Kim Dong Wook', 'Lee Ho Won', 'Kim Byung Chun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Park Sang Hoon,  Jung Ji In",Unknown
1000,Hotelier,https://mydramalist.com/1317-hotelier,"Business,  Romance,  Drama","Hotel Setting, Secret Romance, Ex-Boyfriend Comes Back, Secondary Couple, Older Man/Younger Woman, Adoption, Love Square, Strong Female Lead, Love Triangle ","Jin Young, an open-minded and energetic woman, works for the Seoul Hotel. Her ex-boyfriend Tae Joon resigned and left for Vegas three years earlier due to an accident with a guest. However, the owner admired and had greater faith in Tae Joon than his own son, Young Jae. When the owner died, his wife decided that Jin Young must go to Vegas to bring Tae Joon back so he could help run the hotel, which was falling into pieces. Their rival, Kim Book Man, is determined to acquire the Seoul Hotel and seeks the help of a popular M&A manager Frank who is conflicted about his stance after he begins to fall for Jin Young.(Source: Soompi, MyDramaList)",7.5,767,20,"['Song Yoon Ah', 'Kim Seung Woo', 'Bae Yong Joon', 'Song Hye Kyo', 'Park Jung Chul', 'Choi Hwa Jung']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Jang Yong Woo,Kang Eun Kyung
1001,Yonder,https://mydramalist.com/706039-beyond-the-memory,"Life,  Drama,  Sci-Fi,  Melodrama","Adapted From A Novel, Widower Male Lead, Slight Mystery, Virtual Reality, Future, Miniseries, Immortality, Death, Cancer ","Set in the 2030s in the large city area of South Korea. It depicts the story of a man who lives in agony, unable to forget his wife who died of cancer. Then one day, he receives an unknown email and chooses to abandon his body to go live with his wife. It will portray a world where one can live forever without death, and will question the meaning of eternal life, death, memory and oblivion, and happiness and misery.(Source: Allkpop)~~ Adapted from a novel ""Goodbye, Yonder"" (굿바이, 욘더) by Kim Jang Hwan (김장환).~~ Release dates: Oct 6, 2022 (Festival) || Oct 14, 2022 (Broadcast)",7.5,559,6,"['Shin Ha Kyun', 'Han Ji Min', 'Jung Jin Young', 'Lee Jung Eun', 'Shin Soo Jung', 'Cha Soon Bae']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,TVING,Lee Joon Ik,"Kim Jung Hoon,  Oh Seung Hyun"
1002,The [email protected],https://mydramalist.com/20068-the-idolmster.kr,Music,"Adapted From A Manga, Idol Female Lead, Adapted From Video Game, Friendship ","THE [email protected], set in the world of Korean entertainment production, stars Korean idols of course, as well as other Japanese and Thai hopefuls. Like the original game, the drama follows a group of young women as they embark on a career in the entertainment industry, and depicts their sweat and tears, their hopes and dreams.(Source: Anime News Network)",7.5,475,24,"['Heo Young Joo', 'Lee Su Ji', 'Sung Hoon', 'Kim So Ri', 'Teramoto Yukika', 'Lee Ye Eun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS Plus,Unknown,Won Young Shil
1003,Father's House,https://mydramalist.com/1127-fathers-house,"Drama,  Family","Miniseries, Father-Son Relationship ","The drama begins in 1988 and focuses on the life of Kang Man Ho, a stuntman in his early 30s who has a one night stand with a pianist, Lee Hyun Jae. Man Ho soon has to learn how to take care of his son and become a father who makes sacrifices for his son.",7.5,211,2,"['Choi Min Soo', 'Kim Soo Hyun', 'Moon Jung Hee', 'Ahn Jung Hoon', 'Park Chang Ik', 'Baek Il Sub']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Kim Soo Ryong,Lee Seon Hee
1004,Cheer Up,https://mydramalist.com/715821-cheer-up,"Mystery,  Comedy,  Romance,  Youth","Love Triangle, University, Campus Setting, Cheerleader Male Lead, Bright Female Lead, School Club, Cheerful Female Lead, Poor Female Lead, Character Development, Cheerleader Female Lead ","The bright and diligent Do Hae Yi is a student at Yeonhee University. Because of her family's poor financial situation, she places a priority on making money rather than school. One day, Do Hae Yi suddenly joins the cheering squad Theia which has existed for 50 years at Yeonhee University. She only joins the club for money, but while participating in the cheering squad, Do Hae Yi starts experiencing the joy of campus life and meets various people from Theia including Bae Young Woong, who was once a member of Theia and he is an alumnus of Yeonhee Univers, supporting the cheering squad financially and emotionally.  (Source: AsianWiki; edited by MyDramaList)",7.5,8518,16,"['Han Ji Hyun', 'Bae In Hyuk', 'Kim Hyun Jin', 'Jang Gyu Ri', 'Lee Min Jae', 'Lee Eun Saem']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Han Tae Seob,Cha Hye Won
1005,H.I.T,https://mydramalist.com/550-h.i.t,"Mystery,  Romance,  Drama","Hardworking Female Lead, Teamwork, Murder, Unrequited Love, Love/Hate Relationship, Crime Coverage, Drug Trafficking, Blackmail, Corruption, Rape ","The Homicide Investigation Team (H.I.T.) led by Cha Soo Kyung, was established to investigate the case of a serial killer. The other four members were assigned from different precincts and, when they first started, they all had their own ulterior motives and none of them was comfortable with working as a team or trusted each other. Added to the mix, a rookie prosecutor, Kim Jae Yoon, was sent by the District Attorney's Office to keep an eye on the police's work. This drama depicts how cases were solved and how the members evolved into really working as a team.",7.5,320,20,"['Go Hyun Jung', 'Ha Jung Woo', 'Kim Jeong Tae', 'Kim Jung Min', 'Song Min Hyung', 'Son Hyun Joo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Kim Young Min,  Yoo Chul Yong","Kim Young Hyun,  Park Sang Yeon"
1006,4 Reasons Why I Hate Christmas,https://mydramalist.com/52795-4-reasons-why-i-hate-christmas,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Web Series, Short Length Series, Co-workers' Relationship, Break Up, Christmas Setting, Winter Setting, Miniseries, Cold Male Lead, Multiple Couples, Youth ",A web-drama about 4 young adults who hate Christmas who meet by chance and spend the month of December together. They unexpectedly become a part of each others lives as Christmas nears.,7.5,1300,6,"['Park Shi An', 'Moon Sang Min', 'Jung Hwi Young', 'Jin Ye Ju', 'Min Do Hee', 'Jeon Hye Yeon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Yoo Hee Woon,Bang Yoo Jung
1007,Heartbeat Broadcasting Accident,https://mydramalist.com/705667-exciting-broadcasting-accident,Romance,"Workplace Setting, Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series, First Love, Love Triangle ","A fantasy office drama where Yoon Yi Seo, a young woman in her twenties, begins working at a live commerce platform. She will encounter challenges in both work and love, as she finds herself in the middle of a love struggle between her first love Cha Sun Woo and her longtime friend Kwon Hyuk.(Source: Allkpop)",7.5,779,10,"['Zuho', 'Im Na Young', 'Jung Min Gyu', 'Lee Hyun Joo', 'Yang Hak Jin']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Hong Chung Gi,Unknown
1008,Soulmate,https://mydramalist.com/1194-soulmate,"Comedy,  Romance,  Sitcom","Eccentric Female Lead, Multiple Mains, Clingy Female Lead, Multiple Couples, Nice Male Lead, Friendship ","The person you meet once in your lifetime that fate has brought to you! This person you call your soulmate. In the year 2006, your soulmate is secretly creeping up on you... What if my other half is really living somewhere out there; will I be able to notice them? It is a question that can be asked by anyone who is in their marital age. A time when matchmaking agencies are flooded with people! Try re-identifying the true meaning of marriage and love while watching 6 couples live the same life that you're living.We will show you everything you need to know in the love game!This is a sitcom that young adults and adults can enjoy. Members of all age groups can enjoy it and benefit from its honest and ongoing talk about love. It gives its viewers some final answers to the ""love game"" questions and presents confusing issues in a way that everyone can understand. The drama will tell you everything you've always wanted to know, from spending a night with a guy you don't like to how to win over a guy's heart completely, and much more!! It spills out all the secrets of the love game.""It is easier to stir up a women's heart than to drink wine."" Dong Wook is a playboy who no one can even dare to follow. ""My boyfriend of 5 years!! He is definitely my soulmate!!"" Soo Kyung is a girl who only looks at one man like a sunflower and is a perfect, pure-hearted character. Two people who have never seen each other and who live on opposite sides of the world from each other live and love in their own way, but from some point on, they start to move towards the same dream and feel the same physiological feelings. Two people who have met by fate in a world full of mixed up fates. Now, the most amazing things, which no one could have ever thought of, start to unfold between the two.(Source: MBC Global Media)",7.5,2086,12,"['Shin Dong Wook', 'Lee Soo Kyung', 'Sa Kang', 'Choi Phillip', 'Otani Ryohei', 'Jang Mi In Ae']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Noh Do Cheol,"Park Eun Jung,  Jo Jin Kook"
1009,Your Imagination Becomes Reality,https://mydramalist.com/32638-your-imagination-becomes-reality,"Romance,  Youth","Miniseries, Web Series, University, Secret Crush, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, Misunderstanding, Lying, Short Length Series, Best Friends' Relationship ","A ""will-they-won't-they"" relationship (ssum) of a person who hasn't dated in 20 years. Your imagination becomes reality? Even in a beginning-of-the-semester party?There's always a person who ruins the atmosphere in college beginning-of-the-semester parties, but there are also campus romances (Please)! Will Soram's imagination finally become reality?(Source: Ykicky studio YouTube)",7.5,574,8,"['Kim Do Hoon', 'Oh Se Young', 'Jin Ho Eun']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1010,My Too Perfect Sons,https://mydramalist.com/1224-my-too-perfect-sons,"Comedy,  Romance,  Family","Brothers' Relationship, Jerk Male Lead, Nerdy Male Lead, Big Family, Multiple Mains, Older Woman/Younger Man, Multiple Couples, Female Chases Male First ","Song Jin Poong is the eldest of four sons and works hard to earn money to support his family. He is also a man who cannot forget his first love. His mother, Ok Hee, wants him to get married because he is already 38 years old. Ok Hee believes that her sons are great catches and any woman would be lucky enough to marry them, however, their neighbors feel differently as each son has an unique problem.",7.5,305,54,"['Son Hyun Joo', 'Lee Pil Mo', 'Han Sang Jin', 'Ji Chang Wook', 'Yoo Ha Na', 'Park Sun Young']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Lee Jae Sang,Jo Jung Seon
1011,Wang's Family,https://mydramalist.com/7315-wangs-family,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Family","Hardworking Female Lead, Big Family, Infidelity, Mother-Daughter Relationship, Marriage ","The Wang family faces a number of challenges: elitism; discrimination; children moving back home after living on their own during colleges; the power dynamics between husband, wife and family; and decisions about when to marry and have a baby given the financial difficulties in today's Korean society. The first daughter had married into a well-off family, but after they went bankrupt she and the family had to move back to her parents' home. The second daughter is also having financial difficulties as her husband is jobless, while the third daughter suddenly decided to quit her job.",7.5,955,50,"['Lee Yoon Ji', 'Han Joo Wan', 'Lee Tae Ran', 'Oh Man Suk', 'Oh Hyun Kyung', 'Jo Sung Ha']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Jin Hyung Wook,Moon Young Nam
1012,The King's Face,https://mydramalist.com/8282-the-kings-face,"Action,  Thriller,  Historical,  Romance","Physiognomy, Gwanghae, Nice Male Lead, Joseon Dynasty, Suspense, Cross-Dressing, Historical Figure, Historical Fiction, Strong Female Lead, Political ","""The King's Face"" tells the story of Prince Gwang Hae, an illegitimate son of King Seon Jo, who suffers since his childhood with the indifference of his father and the constant feeling that he hadn't a place in the palace. Gwang Hae sees himself inside a constant war between his brothers since King Seon Jo didn't have any legitimate son and had to choose between his sons who would be the Crown Prince. Inside all this tension, Gwang Hae finds again an old friend, Kim Ga Hee, which who promised to marry when they were kids. The burden of the responsibility with the people and the will to fulfilling his love put Gwang Hae on a sad path of renunciation who will put everyone against him and also define the future of Joseon.(Source: Ma Ri at MyDramaList)",7.5,1458,23,"['Seo In Guk', 'Lee Sung Jae', 'Jo Yoon Hee', 'Shin Sung Rok', 'Kim Gyu Ri', 'Im Ji Eun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Yoon Sung Shik,  Cha Young Hoon",Lee Hyang Hee
1013,The Producers,https://mydramalist.com/13445-the-producers,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Entertainment Industry, Unrequited Love, Love Triangle, Boss-Employee Relationship, Older Woman/Younger Man, Cohabitation, Secondary Couple, Producer Female Lead, Producer Male Lead, Age Gap [Drama Life] ","The drama is set in the backstage world of broadcasting industry. The story revolves around the dynamic work and life of people who work in the entertainment division of television network. Ra Jun Mo, a 10-year veteran PD of variety shows, is described to have a long list of variety shows credit but without a notable program under his name. 10-year veteran music show PD, Tak Ye Jin, is described to have started out as an innocent and smart young rookie but the harsh working competition has changed her personality. She now becomes a sharp and prideful woman who says whatever is on her mind even in front of her bosses.Rookie variety show PD, Baek Sung Chan, leaves a bright path as a prosecutor for a career in broadcast industry because of love. Diva-like top celebrity singer, Cindy, began as a trainee at the age of 13 and has been in the industry for 10 years. She’s known as an ice princess because she never lets herself feel deep affection for anyone. She experienced a lot of betrayal in the past that causes her to keep everyone at a safe distance. The story will leave various deep messages about friendship, family, fame, support, bullying and betrayal in the broadcast industry.",7.5,15097,12,"['Cha Tae Hyun', 'Gong Hyo Jin', 'Kim Soo Hyun', 'IU', 'Kim Jong Kook', 'Na Young Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Pyo Min Soo,  Yoon Sung Ho,  Seo Soo Min",Park Ji Eun
1014,Temperature of Love,https://mydramalist.com/23390-temperature-of-love,"Food,  Comedy,  Romance,  Life","Love Triangle, Older Woman/Younger Man, Second Chance Romance, Bromance, Calm Male Lead, Steamy Kiss, Healing, Male Chases Female First, Strong Female Lead, Nice Male Lead ","Hyun Soo quit her job to become a TV writer; Jung Sun dreams of becoming a French food chef and opening a restaurant. As the pair navigate their paths to fulfill their dreams, they discover that they will need patience, tenacity, and most importantly, hope. (Sources: SBS International, AsianWiki)",7.5,8603,40,"['Seo Hyun Jin', 'Yang Se Jong', 'Kim Jae Wook', 'Jo Bo Ah', 'P.O', 'Ji  Il Joo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Nam Gun,Ha Myung Hee
1015,"Me too, Flower!",https://mydramalist.com/3027-me-too-flower,"Psychological,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Rich Male Lead, Steamy Kiss, Older Woman/Younger Man, Police Officer Female Lead, Hidden Identity, Depression, Orphan Male Lead, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Police Officer Supporting Character, Company President (CEO) Male Lead ","A tough female police officer who suffers from depression falls in love with a young multimillionaire whom she initially believed was a parking attendant. Instead of counting her lucking stars, she is taken aback by how rich he is. Officer Cha Bong-sun is a peculiar woman who defies the rigid social hierarchy and rails against it. And Seo Jae-hee, the millionaire boyfriend, is a peculiar man who falls in love with this quirky police officer. They fall passionately in love with each other. A crazy sort of love. A story about people, relationships and love.",7.5,7990,15,"['Lee Ji Ah', 'Yoon Shi Yoon', 'Han Go Eun', 'Lee Gi Kwang', 'Jo  Min Ki', 'Seo Hyo Rim']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Go Dong Sun,Kim Do Woo
1016,100% Era,https://mydramalist.com/685329-100-era,"Romance,  Youth","COVID-19, Rivalry, Steamy Kiss, Miniseries, High School, Web Series, Love/Hate Relationship, Mother-Daughter Relationship, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead ","100% Era imagines the post-corona future. How the lives of kids born during the pandemic will look like? What will humanity and teens look like in 2044? Our teenagers living in a more competitive world, where the world no longer needs human hands. For humans, the competition to rise to the top is intensifying. How to secretly love children in the era when schools disappeared and contactless.Hee Jae and Shi Dae attend the same top rank education academy. It focuses on training kids to score 100% on tests, while kids who score below 90% get expelled. In such an environment, Shi Dae and Hee Jae spend their teenage years and grow together.",7.5,975,8,"['Yoo Jung Woo', 'Lee Soo Min', 'Yeo Ji Min', 'Logan', 'Lee Seung Yeon', 'Pyun Kang Yoon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1017,The Guilty Secret,https://mydramalist.com/40023-met-you-again,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Short Length Series, High School, Web Series, Student Supporting Character, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Teenager Supporting Character, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead ",It tells the friendship of a boy and a girl of 17 years old with their own secrets.(Source: Kpopmap),7.5,1606,12,"['Kim Nu Ri', 'Kim Seo Yeon', 'Lee Jin Sol', 'Jung Su Bin', 'Kim Min Chul', 'Minami Riho']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Wang Hye Ryung,Choi Yo Ji
1018,To My Beautiful Woo Ri,https://mydramalist.com/39677-to-my-beautiful-woo-ri,"Romance,  Drama","Miniseries, Web Series, High School Crush, Meet Again, Personality Change, Flashback To Past, Blind Date, Gaming, Secret Crush, Infidelity ","A web drama that follows the beginning of the relationship between Bae Woo Ri and Park Jun Seok. By mere coincidence, former classmates meet again as adults. However, Park Jun Seok is far from the person and aforementioned 'loser' he was once considered to be and no longer needs Bae Woo Ri to save him from school bullies. His old feelings towards Bae Woo Ri resurface, and now, being the confident adult, he takes a new approach to express his emotions towards her.",7.5,414,3,"['Lee Ha Young', 'Kim Young Dae', 'Cheon Hee Joo', 'Jin Ho Eun']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1019,Naeil's Cantabile,https://mydramalist.com/9127-naeils-cantabile,"Music,  Comedy,  Romance,  Youth","Adapted From A Manga, Cold Male Lead, Eccentric Female Lead, Naive Female Lead, Clingy Female Lead, Female Chases Male First, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Orchestra Conductor Male Lead ","Cha Yoo Jin is a third year student in a school of music majoring in piano and dreaming of becoming a world renowned conductor. He seems to be perfect with his good looks, natural born musical talent, and his father, who is a world renowned pianist. He is unable to travel to Europe due to a childhood trauma which gave him a fear of flying. Meanwhile, Seol Nae Il (meaning: Seol Tomorrow) is a free spirited and 4-dimensional character who is also a genius pianist. Due to her unpredictable personality, she causes all kinds of trouble, but when it comes to piano, she boasts exceptional talent. She constantly annoys perfectionist Cha Yoo Jin with her unique mental world but her lovely charms make her irresistible. ~~ Adapted from the manga ""Nodame Cantabile"" (のだめカンタービレ) by Ninomiya Tomoko (二ノ宮知子).",7.5,6106,16,"['Joo Won', 'Shim Eun Kyung', 'Park Bo Gum', 'Bae Min Jung', 'Go Kyung Pyo', 'Min Do Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Han Sang Woo,  Lee Jung Mi","Park Pil Joo,  Shin Jae Won"
1020,One Sunny Day,https://mydramalist.com/11914-one-sunny-day,"Romance,  Drama","Salesman/Saleswoman Supporting Character, Florist Supporting Character, Police Officer Supporting Character, Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series ",The first LINE drama aimed at Thai audience which can be watched through LINE TV app. It was shot during early winter in Jeju Island and the main love story takes place in a beautiful scenery. One Sunny Day follows the story of a man who goes to Jeju Island and meets a new person.,7.5,2818,10,"['So Ji Sub', 'Kim Ji Won', 'Im Ju Eun', 'Lee Jong Hyuk', 'Ha Jae Sook', 'Yoon Joo Man']",Not Yet Rated,LINE TV,Kwon Hyuk Chan,Unknown
1021,I Need Romance Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/3813-i-need-romance-2,"Comedy,  Romance","Friends To Lovers, Female Chases Male First, Steamy Kiss, Cold Man/Warm Woman, Second Chance, Friendship ","The plot is centered around the 10 year relationship between Yoon Seok Hyun and Joo Yeol Mae, who have been repeatedly breaking up and getting back together the entire duration of their relationship. Tired and looking for love elsewhere, Joo Yeol Mae turns her attention to Shin Ji Hoon and leaves Yoon Seok Hyun to look on with envy.",7.5,4300,16,"['Jung Yu Mi', 'Lee Jin Wook', 'Kim Ji Suk', 'Kang Ye Sol', 'Kim Ji Woo', 'Gong Jung Hwan']",Not Yet Rated,tvN,"Lee Jeong Hyo,  Jang Young Woo",Jung Hyun Jung
1022,May Queen,https://mydramalist.com/4634-may-queen,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Birth Secret, Character Development, Love Triangle, Friends To Lovers, Strong Female Lead, Revenge, Tearjerker, Love Square, Welder Female Lead, Death Of A Grandfather ","The heroine Hae Joo begins life in utter poverty. But despite being burdened with the secret past of her parents, she navigates treacherous waters and overcomes obstacles to achieve her dreams. Her childhood sweetheart Park Chang Hee, son of the butler to a company chairman, also rises above his humble beginnings to become a successful prosecutor. Bright and playful Kang San, the boss's privileged son, returns to Korea after years abroad to find that he still carries a torch for Hae Joo.",7.5,2124,38,"['Kim Jae Won', 'Han Ji Hye', 'Jae Hee', 'Lee Hoon', 'Yoon Jung Eun', 'Yoon Jong Hwa']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,MBC,"Baek Ho Min,  Lee Sung Joon",Son Young Mok
1023,Alive,https://mydramalist.com/51375-he-alive,"Mystery,  Horror,  Supernatural","Ghost-seeing Male Lead, Investigation, Suspense, Workplace Setting, Short Length Series, Workplace Abuse, Miniseries, Death, Web Series, Revenge ","Tells the story of a protagonist joining a group through high-level competitors while working at the infamous counseling center. The horrible secrets hidden in a call center full of extraordinary things, such as the profanity of rude customers and new colleagues, are expected to bring frightening fun. In particular, the genre of digital content is notable for the horror genre. As the new employee who will lead the content, the new Cho Seung Hyun has been confirmed.",7.5,321,8,"['Jo Seung Hyun', 'Shin Woo Hee', 'Jeong Seon Yul', 'Kim Joon', 'Park Jung Won']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Naver TV Cast,Park Sun Jae,Unknown
1024,Afraid Of,https://mydramalist.com/54253-afraid-of,Romance,"LGBTQ+, Miniseries, Web Series, Lesbian Romance, Closeted, Overcoming Fear, Lesbian Female Lead, Short Length Series, University, Mobile App ",Hyun Ah is a closeted lesbian who hides her feelings until she starts questioning it when a cute girl from her class she develops a crush on gives her her number.(Source: MyDramaList),7.5,309,3,"['Jo Soo Min', 'Lee Ga Yun']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1025,Rugal,https://mydramalist.com/40113-rugal,"Action,  Thriller,  Crime,  Sci-Fi","Power Struggle, Human Experimentation, Hot-Tempered Male Lead, Adapted From A Webtoon, Biotechnology, Skilled Killer, Revenge, Strong Male Lead, Wrongfully Accused, Bromance ","Kang Ki Beom is an elite police officer whose attempt to bring down Argos, a nationwide criminal organization, results in a group of masked assailants from Argos killing his beloved wife and cutting out both of his eyes. Kang wakes up in a hospital only to find himself accused of murdering his family members. The NIS then approaches him with an offer to become a member of Rugal, a special team organized by the NIS. He receives two artificial eyes with Rugal's biotechnology built into them and with them gains unique new abilities with which to take down criminal organizations. Kang Ki Beom and Rugal set out on a mission to wipe out Argos.(Sources: Asianwiki, Soompi)~~ Adapted from the webtoon of the same name.",7.5,6345,16,"['Choi Jin Hyuk', 'Park Sung Woong', 'Jo Dong Hyuk', 'Jung Hye In', 'Kim Min Sang', 'Park Sun Ho']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Netflix,  OCN",Kang Cheol Woo,Do Hyun
1026,Love Scene Number,https://mydramalist.com/72859-love-scene-number,"Romance,  Life,  Drama","Multiple Mains, Break Up, Infidelity, Sexual Content, Life Decisions, Deception, Secret Relationship, Life Lesson, Hardworking Female Lead, Smart Female Lead ","Doo Ah is 23-years-old and is dating three guys at once as if she is studying the perfect way to date. Ha Ram is 29-years-old and is going through a change of heart before her wedding. Ban Ya is 35-years-old and the fake love that she started out of ambition is turning into something sincere. Chung Kyung is 42-years-old and she is getting tired of her changing body and rocky love life. The four women, each going through a different turning point in their lives, contemplate what they want from dating and love. What does ‘love’ mean to them during this time in their lives? This drama is about the thoughts that every woman can relate to but never could talk about. Let’s contemplate it together.(Source: Viu)",7.5,1340,8,"['Kim Bo Ra', 'Shim Eun Woo', 'Ryu Hwa Young', 'Park Jin Hee', 'Kim Young Ah', 'Ahn Jung Hun']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),MBC,Kim Hyung Min,Hong Kyung Sil
1027,My Princess,https://mydramalist.com/72-my-princess,"Comedy,  Romance","Heiress Female Lead, Bodyguard Male Lead, Princess Female Lead, Royalty, Enemies To Lovers, Female Chases Male First ","An ordinary college student, Lee Seol, finds out she's a princess. The grandson of Daehan Group, Park Hae Young, is put in charge of educating Seol on proper etiquette. However, Hae Young is put in a precarious situation when he finds himself drawn to Seol, the girl who will take away his inheritance if the monarchy is restored.",7.5,16003,16,"['Song Seung Heon', 'Kim Tae Hee', 'Park Ye Jin', 'Ryu Soo Young', 'Lee Sung Min', 'Kang Ye Sol']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Kwon Seok Jang,  Kang Dae Sun",Jang Young Shil
1028,Lovers,https://mydramalist.com/1069-lovers-2006,"Romance,  Drama","Rich Male Lead, Love Triangle, Mafia, Businessman Male Lead, Plastic Surgeon Female Lead, Gangster Male Lead, Doctor Female Lead, Orphan Male Lead, Steamy Kiss, Opposites Attract ","Kang Jae is a wealthy businessman and gangster and Mi Joo is a plastic surgeon. These two meet after Mi Joo mistakes Kang Jae as being her sleazy brother-in-law. Kang Jae just happens to be the boyfriend of Mi Joo's pregnant neighbour, Yoo Jin. Sae Yeon meets Mi Joo and falls in love with her feisty attitude. Kang Jae works for the father of Sae Yeon who is a gangster. Mi Joo and Kang Jae fall in love.",7.5,1546,20,"['Lee Seo Jin', 'Kim Jung Eun', 'Jung Chan', 'Kim Gyu Ri', 'Kim Nam Gil', 'Yang Geum Suk']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Shin Woo Cheol,"Kim Eun Sook,  Lee Man Hee"
1029,Lovers in Bloom,https://mydramalist.com/22928-lovers-in-bloom,"Comedy,  Romance,  Melodrama","Workplace Setting, Police Department Setting, Boxer Female Lead, Police Officer Female Lead, Police Officer Male Lead, Stubborn Female Lead, Arrogant Male Lead, Strict Mother, Good And Evil, Cold Male Lead ","Moo Goong Hwa is a former boxer. After the death of her husband, she has raised her daughter alone. She now works as a police officer.Cha Tae Jin is an elite police officer who graduated from the police university. He is full of justice.",7.5,802,120,"['Im Soo Hyang', 'Do Ji Han', 'Lee Chang Wook', 'Lee Eun Hyung', 'Nam Bo Ra', 'Yoon Bok In']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS1,Go Young Tak,"Lee Hae Jung,  Yeom Il Ho"
1030,Unicorn,https://mydramalist.com/723999-unicorn,"Comedy,  Sitcom","Co-workers' Relationship, Workplace Setting, Startup, Office Worker Supporting Character, Office Worker Female Lead, Company President (CEO) Male Lead, Smart Female Lead, Boss-Employee Relationship ","Following the crew at the fictional company McCom, where they navigate the chaotic battlefield common to Korean start-ups. Steve is the slightly mad mastermind behind McCom, while Ashley is on the innovation team and is one of his smartest employees. (Source: Soompi, edited by Lee C)",7.5,444,12,"['Shin Ha Kyun', 'Won Jin Ah', 'Lee Yoo Jin', 'Kim Young Ah', 'Bae Yoo Ram', 'Bae Yoon Kyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,"Lee Byung Hun,  Kim Hye Young","Yoo Byung Jae,  In Ji Hye"
1031,A Model Family,https://mydramalist.com/686401-model-family,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Crime,  Drama","Investigation, Suspense, Professor Male Lead, Gun Violence, Drug Usage, Financial Scandal, Bankruptcy, Organized Crime, Family Relationship, Miniseries ","The story follows what happens when an ordinary family that is on the verge of collapse due to bankruptcy and internal feuds gets involved with a bloodthirsty drug ring. In the midst of dangerous missions and close calls, the members of the family will band together and become a model family as they stand up against the drug ring that threatens their livelihoods.(Source: Soompi)",7.5,1717,10,"['Jung Woo', 'Park Hee Soon', 'Yoon Jin Seo', 'Park Ji Yeon', 'Choi Moo Sung', 'Kim Sung Oh']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),Netflix,"Kim Jin Woo,  Park Yoo Young",Lee Jae Gon
1032,"Maybe, Maybe Not",https://mydramalist.com/34621-maybe-maybe-not,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Supernatural","Web Series, Mind Reading, Sweet Male Lead, Miniseries, Special Power, Shy Female Lead, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, Calm Male Lead, Fluffy ","A girl who can read minds has always been an outsider at her university due to her sensitivity to what other people think of her. Suddenly, she meets a senior classmate, and to her surprise, she can't read his mind. As they begin spending time together, they start falling in love.(Source: MyDramaList)",7.5,1715,8,"['Kim Kang Min', 'Gong Yoo Rim', 'Minsung', 'Park Shi Woo']",G - All Ages,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1033,Grid,https://mydramalist.com/690687-zero,"Action,  Thriller,  Mystery,  Sci-Fi","Miniseries, Suspense, Multiple Mains, Team Leader Supporting Character, Detective Fiction, Detective Supporting Character, Detective Female Lead, Death, Web Series, Boss-Employee Relationship ","Earth has survived catastrophic solar winds under the protection of the Grid, its planetary defense shield. Kim Sae Ha, a Bureau employee, encounters a murderer. Jung Sae Byeok, a detective, is dispatched to arrest the murderer. While in pursuit of the fugitive, she witnesses an unbelievable phenomenon: the founder of the Grid - a ghost from the past - has reappeared after 24 years. But why is she abetting the fugitive? This is a thriller that pursues the mysterious truth behind what saved humanity from an apocalypse.(Source: Disney+)",7.5,3255,10,"['Seo Kang Joon', 'Kim Ah Joong', 'Kim Mu Yeol', 'Lee Si Young', 'Kim Sung Kyun', 'Jang So Yeon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Disney+,  Hulu",Lee Khan,Lee Soo Yeon
1034,Unasked Family,https://mydramalist.com/44935-down-the-flower-path,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Orphan Male Lead, Heart Surgery, Optimistic Male Lead, Jealousy, Misunderstanding, Love Triangle, Time Skip, Cardiovascular Disease, Death Of A Husband, Death Of A Mother ","""Unasked Family"" depicts the life-changing story of Kang Yeo Won and Bong Chun Dong.When Yeo Won was a university student, she dreamed of becoming a reporter. An unexpected pregnancy, caused her to change that dream. She is now a housewife and she is busy taking care of her troublemaker in-laws, raising her child, and managing her family's finances. Her husband gets into an accident and her life changes.Meanwhile, Chun Dong grew up in an orphanage with his younger sister. He had heart disease, but he was able to get an operation due to Hwang Byung Rae. He is now a grown man. Chun Dong passes his bar exam, but he works for Byung Rae.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.5,283,123,"['Choi Yoon So', 'Seol Jung Hwan', 'Shim Ji Ho', 'Jung Yoo Min', 'Lee Da Ni', 'Yang Hee Kyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS1,Park Ki Hyun,"Chae Hye Young,  Yoo Sang Young"
1035,Society Obsessed with Love,https://mydramalist.com/30827-society-obsessed-with-love,"Romance,  Life,  Youth,  Drama","Miniseries, Single By Choice, Life Lesson, Web Series, Cat, Short Length Series, Independent Female Lead, Young Adult Female Lead, Character Development, Student Female Lead ","Sa Rang loves cooking, photography and her cat, Oi. Dating never interested her, however, now she feels like she's lagging behind her peers.",7.5,584,5,"['Kim So Hye', 'Kim Young Jae']",G - All Ages,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1036,Hide and Seek,https://mydramalist.com/29271-hide-and-seek,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Rich Female Lead, Strong Female Lead, Independent Female Lead, Smart Female Lead, Mental Illness, Cosmetic Industry, Antihero Male Lead, Childhood Friends' Relationship, Workplace Setting, Heiress Female Lead ","The drama explores the fate of the heiress to the nation's largest cosmetics conglomerate, and a woman who had to live that life in her stead, as well as the desires and secrets surrounding the two women.(Source: Wikipedia)",7.5,650,48,"['Lee Yoo Ri', 'Song Chang Eui', 'Uhm Hyun Kyung', 'Kim Young Min', 'Jung Hye Sun', 'Yoon Joo Sang']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Shin Yong Hwi,Seol Kyung Eun
1037,Three Brothers,https://mydramalist.com/336-three-brothers,"Romance,  Drama,  Family,  Melodrama","Police Department Setting, Businessman Male Lead, Police Officer Male Lead, Divorced Male Lead, Enemies To Lovers ","Kim Sun Kyung is a retired police officer and father of three sons, Gun Kang, Hyun Chal and Yi Sang. His eldest son Gun Kang made many wrong decisions in life, ending up being divorced and going bankrupt. Gun Kang gets remarried to Chung Nan. His second son Hyun Chal is the envy of the town and pride of his father. He runs a number of businesses which are quite successful. His wife Woo Mi often sacrificed her happiness for the benefit of the Kim family. As for the last son Yi Sang, he follows in his father's footsteps by becoming a police officer. Oftentimes the father and the son clash each other. As Yi Sang married Eo Young, the daughter of his father's deadly foe, an ex-convict Sun Kyung traced and eventually arrested a long time ago. ""Three brothers"" revolves around their relations full of conflicts and love.",7.5,263,70,"['Ahn Nae Sang', 'Do Ji Won', 'Oh Dae Gyu', 'Kim Hee Jung', 'Lee Joon Hyuk', 'Oh Ji Eun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Jin Hyung Wook,Moon Young Nam
1038,Graceful Friends,https://mydramalist.com/35735-elegant-friends,"Mystery,  Life,  Drama","Bromance, Multiple Couples, Murder, Jealousy, Multiple Mains, First Love, Romance, Friendship, Emotional Infidelity, City Setting ","In his forties, Ahn Goong Chul  is the very picture of a content middle-aged man. He has a happy family life, a tightly-knit group of friends from college and he excels at his career. But a shocking incident will have a profound impact on his life.  When the local golf coach is murdered, both he and his wife Jung Hae, along with his friends and their spouses, are all considered possible suspects. Goong Chul and his wife's relationship becomes strained as the trust between them erodes.  Moreover, this murder investigation is reminiscent of an earlier one some twenty years ago that Goong Chul and his friends were also a part of. Will long-buried secrets come to light? Sensing danger, Goong Chul only wants to protect himself and his family, but can he hold on to what is most precious to him?(Source: ODK)",7.5,1269,17,"['Yoo  Joon Sang', 'Song Yoon Ah', 'Bae Soo Bin', 'Han Da Gam', 'Kim Sung Oh', 'Kim Hye Eun']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),jTBC,Song Hyun Wook,"Kim Kyung Sun,  Park Hyo Yeon"
1039,The Spies Who Loved Me,https://mydramalist.com/58895-the-spy-who-loved-me,"Action,  Mystery,  Comedy,  Romance","Hidden Identity, Hidden Past, Fake Identity, Ex-husband Returns, Multiple Marriages, Successful Female Lead, Hardworking Female Lead, Secret Organization, Teamwork, Smart Female Lead ","Kang Ah Reum is a wedding dress designer who has been married twice. Her two husbands harbor many secrets and Ah Reum gets swept up in them. Jun Ji Hoon disguises himself as a travel writer, but he is actually a secret agent for Interpol. His job as a secret agent is a way for Jun Ji Hoon to support himself financially. He is currently divorced. He was married to Kang Ah Reum, but they divorced without Kang Ah Reum learning about his secret life as a spy.Kang Ah Reum now works as a wedding dress designer. She met Derek Hyun after her divorce and they eventually married. Her current husband works as a diplomatic official and seems gentle and warm. His secret is that he is actually a cold-blooded industrial spy. Derek Hyun treats his wife sweetly, but, for his job as an industrial spy, he will do anything. He loves Kang Ah Reum sincerely, but he also hides his true self from her.(Source: KoreanDrama.org)",7.5,2928,16,"['Yoo In Na', 'Eric Mun', 'Im Joo Hwan', 'Kim Tae Woo', 'Jung Suk Yong', 'Cha Joo Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"iQiyi,  MBC",Lee Jae Jin,Lee Ji Min
1040,A Daughter Just Like You,https://mydramalist.com/14265-a-daughter-just-like-you,"Comedy,  Romance,  Family,  Melodrama","Death Of A Wife, Widower Male Lead, Cold Female Lead, Single Father, Warm Man/Cold Woman, Independent Female Lead, Hardworking Female Lead, Strict Father, Selfish Mother, Supportive Father-in-Law ","This family-oriented show revolves around three different families clashing through a lot of misunderstandings as they become in-laws with each other: a popular female host on a shopping channel and her three daughters who are a college professor, high-powered consultant, and doctor, a divorced spouse who loves to regale stories about his time in the Marines, he has dried skin from doing the dishes every day; and a daughter from a rich family that that runs a successful fashion designer company. Their problems clear up slowly through love and understanding that result in a healing process.(SourcE: MBC)",7.5,377,120,"['Lee Soo Kyung', 'Woo Hee Jin', 'Kim Hye Ok', 'Kang Kyung Joon', 'Jung Hye Sung', 'Kang Tae Sung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Oh Hyun Jong,  Park Won Gook",Ga Sung Jin
1041,Be Strong Geum Soon,https://mydramalist.com/1072-be-strong-geum-soon,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Family","Single Mother Female Lead, Nice Male Lead, Rich Male Lead, Widow Female Lead, Doctor Male Lead, Soap Opera ","This is a story of a young widow, Geum Soon, who never becomes discouraged or blames other people - no matter what happens in her life. The viewers will get both hope and comfort by watching her do her best in everything she does.It is also a story of a family who loves and takes care of each other. You can always turn to your family and their love gives you the hope to get through the tough times. Sometimes, they seem to make your life more difficult, but they will always stand up for you and love you whatever you do.- Dramawiki",7.5,398,163,"['Kang Ji Hwan', 'Han Hye Jin', 'Lee Se Eun', 'Wang Hee Ji', 'Yoon Mi Ra', 'Kim Yoo Suk']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,MBC,Lee Dae Young,Lee Jung Sun
1042,Hush,https://mydramalist.com/57239-hush,"Mystery,  Business,  Comedy,  Life","Journalism, Corruption, Investigation, Injustice, Hardworking Male Lead, Hardworking Female Lead, Adapted From A Novel, Teamwork, Survival, Newspaper Company ","“Hush” is an office drama about newspaper reporters and their everyday struggles, problems, and ethical dilemmas. Han Jun Hyeok is a veteran reporter for a newspaper. He first became a reporter to pursue justice, but he is now conflicted between idealism and pragmatism. Han Jun Hyeok must also deal with personal issues as a husband and father.Lee Ji Su is a bold intern reporter who isn’t afraid to say what needs to be said, even during a job interview. When she meets Han Jun Hyeok as her mentor, she begins to dream of becoming a true journalist.(Sources: AsianWiki, Soompi)~~ Adapted from the novel ""Silence Warning"" by Jeong Jin Yeong.",7.5,808,16,"['Hwang Jung Min', 'Im Yoon Ah', 'Son Byung Ho', 'Yoo  Sun', 'Kim Won Hae', 'Park Ho San']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"iQiyi,  jTBC",Choi Kyu Shik,Kim Jung Min
1043,Heaven's Order,https://mydramalist.com/6224-heavens-order,"Thriller,  Historical,  Romance,  Medical","Attempted Assassination, Genius Male Lead, Secondary Couple, Wrongfully Accused, Scheme, Poison, Father-Daughter Relationship, Illness, Evil Stepmother, Nice Male Lead ","The Joseon version of a Chaser about a medical practitioner who struggles to save his daughter from a terminal illness while being caught up in a plot to poison King Injong.Royal Physician Choi Won, who works for the royal family, becomes involved with the plot to poison King Injong and is now a fugitive. He tries to save his daughter, Choi Rang, who has an incurable disease. Choi Won has raised his daughter alone since his wife passed away. Hong Da In is the nurse who’s in love with him.Meanwhile, Lee Jung Hwan is the Euigeumbu detective who’s the one to capture him and he gets help from bandit’s daughter, So Baek, while he is a fugitive. Crown Prince Lee Ho is the suspicious crown prince who ends up thinking he was betrayed by the one person he trusted in the world.",7.5,890,20,"['Lee Dong Wook', 'Kim Yoo Bin', 'Song Ji Hyo', 'Im Seul Ong', 'Park Ji Young', 'Song Jong Ho']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Jeon Woo Sung,  Lee Jin Seo","Yoon Soo Jung,  Choi Min Ki"
1044,I Wanna Hear Your Song,https://mydramalist.com/33985-let-me-hear-your-song,"Music,  Mystery,  Comedy,  Romance","Amnesia, Murder, Hidden Past, Clumsy Female Lead, Trauma, Flashback To Past, Hardworking Female Lead, Successful Male Lead, Insomnia, Scheme ","A murder takes place. Hong Yi Young, who is a timpanist, does not remember what happened on the day of the murder. She is simple-minded and suffers from insomnia. Hong Yi Young looks for a job. She happens to meet Jang Yoon. He is bad at singing but is a pianist in an orchestra. To help with Hong Yi Young's insomnia, Jang Yoon calls her every night. They try to find the truth about the murder.Meanwhile, Nam Joo Wan is an orchestra conductor. He has charisma and showmanship. Ha Eun Joo is a violinist in the orchestra. She is arrogant.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.5,3953,32,"['Kim Se Jeong', 'Yeon Woo Jin', 'Park Ji Yeon', 'Song Jae Rim', 'Kim Sang Gyun', 'Lee Shi Won']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Lee Jung Mi,Kim Min Joo
1045,Rich Family's Son,https://mydramalist.com/27187-rich-family-s-son,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Father-Daughter Relationship, Sismance, Multiple Couples, Riches To Rags, Arranged Marriage, Childhood Friends' Relationship, Chauffeur Supporting Character, Personal Assistant Supporting Character, Neighbors' Relationship, Chef Supporting Character ","Lee Gwang Jae is a rich boy that inherits a huge amount of debt and struggles to pay it back to save his father’s reputation. By his side is Kim Young Ha, a dauntless girl who fully supports him. This is a TV series that shows that this world is worth living in as long as you have courage and true love, via an immature rich kid and an innocent girl that struggle to make money, starting from the bottom.(Source: MBC)",7.5,508,100,"['Kim Joo Hyun', 'Kim Ji Hoon', 'Lee Kyu Han', 'Hong Soo Hyun', 'Lee Seung Yeon', 'Kim Young Ok']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Choi Chang Wook,  Shim So Yeon",Kim Jung Soo
1046,The Fugitive,https://mydramalist.com/108-the-fugitive-plan-b,"Action,  Mystery,  Comedy,  Romance","Intercountry Romance, Wrongfully Accused, Death, Murder, Love Triangle, Investigation ","During the Korean War, a vast amount of money disappeared. Now, some 60 years later, the money has reappeared, leading to a frantic chase across the globe. Jin Yi is a seemingly innocent woman who has hidden motives for approaching Ji Woo. Her plans are complicated by an unexpected romance developing between them, as well as the numerous pursuers hot on their trail. Kieko is a famous Japanese singer who also gets tangled up in a relationship with this man. Little do they know that her father Hiroki, apart from being a businessman, is a powerful yakuza. In this love triangle, who will finally win the love of Ji Woo?",7.5,3532,20,"['Rain', 'Lee Na Young', 'Lee Jung Jin', 'Daniel Henney', 'Yoon Jin Seo', 'Jo Hee Bong']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Kwak Jung Hwan,Chun Sung Il
1047,The Great Merchant,https://mydramalist.com/1156-the-great-merchant,"Historical,  Romance,  Drama","Gisaeng Female Lead, Merchant Female Lead, Historical Fiction, Joseon Dynasty ","This drama depicts the life of Kim Man Deok, a woman born on Jeju Island who transcended her lowly status as a gisaeng as well as the restraints of her birthplace, considered at the time to be a remote place of exile, to become a successful female merchant in the Joseon Era. She later became a famous model of virtue and nobility when she donated all her assets to aid the residents of Jeju during a famine, saving countless lives.",7.5,241,30,"['Lee Mi Yeon', 'Park Sol Mi', 'Han Jae Suk', 'Ha Seok Jin', 'Kim Chul Ki', 'Park Soon Chun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS1,"Kim Seong Yoon,  Kang Byeong Taek",Unknown
1048,The Master of Revenge,https://mydramalist.com/16975-the-master-of-revenge,"Food,  Mystery,  Drama,  Melodrama","Chef Male Lead, Adapted From A Manhwa, Revenge, Cooking, Investigation ","A man whose name and life were taken from him seeks revenge. To do so, he must attempt to become a master noodle cook, or a god of noodles.~~ Adapted from the manhwa “God of Noodles” by Park In Kwon.",7.5,689,20,"['Chun Jung Myung', 'Jo Jae Hyun', 'Jung Yoo Mi', 'Lee Sang Yeob', 'Gong Seung Yeon', 'Cha Sun Woo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Im Se Joon,Chae Seung Dae
1049,Lie to Me,https://mydramalist.com/1605-lie-to-me,"Comedy,  Romance","Steamy Kiss, Coming Of Age, Fake Relationship, Hardworking Female Lead, Ex-girlfriend Comes Back, Lying, Contract Relationship, Love/Hate Relationship, Rich Male Lead ","Gong Ah Jung, a level 5 Ministry of Culture official, gets entangled in a web of lies when she mistakenly lies that she's married to Hyun Ki Joon, a noble hotel manager from an affluent family. Their relationship is further complicated when Ki Joon's ex-fiance and a close friend of his brother's, Oh Yoon Joo, reappears in his life.",7.5,21222,16,"['Yoon Eun Hye', 'Kang Ji Hwan', 'Sung Joon', 'Song Seo Yeon', 'Lee Kyung Jin', 'Won Jong Rye']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Kwon Hyuk Chan,  Kim Soo Ryong","Choi Yoon Jung,  Hwang Joo Ha,  Kim Ye Ri"
1050,The Lover,https://mydramalist.com/13383-the-lover,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life","Sexual Innuendo, LGBTQ+, Multiple Couples, Bisexual Male Lead, Multiple Mains, Older Woman/Younger Man, Gay Romance, Anthology, Neighbors' Relationship, Foodie Female Lead ","The series talk about four different couples living together in one apartment complex. Both in their thirties, Oh Do Shi is a voice actor and Ryu Du Ri is a blogger. They simply chose to live together instead of getting married, and have been sharing an apartment for two years. Jeong Yeong Jun and Choi Ji Nyeo are a couple that's twelve years apart in age. Ji Nyeo has the personality of a penny-pinching ajumma and basically supports her younger boyfriend in the hope that he will someday realize his dream, while Yeong Jun is an unemployed musician who carries around a guitar he doesn't know how to play. They've been living together for a year, and are quick to fight and make up. Park Hwan Jong and Ha Seol Eun are in their twenties and have just moved in together. Seol Eun wants her boyfriend to believe that she's the perfect embodiment of femininity, and works tirelessly to keep up the illusion. Lee Jun Jae is a loner who prefers to stay at home, but is forced to find a roommate for financial reasons. He doesn't even want to exchange unnecessary small talk so he advertises for a foreigner who can't speak Korean very well. Enter Takuya, a Japanese guy on his travels. Takuya thinks Jun Jae is wasting his youth, and begins to draw him out into the world.",7.5,8921,12,"['Oh Jung Se', 'Ryu Hyun Kyung', 'Jung Joon Young', 'Choi Yeo Jin', 'Lee  Jae Joon', 'Terada Takuya']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),Mnet,Kim Tae Eun,Kim Min Seok
1051,Hometown,https://mydramalist.com/688745-hometown,"Thriller,  Historical,  Mystery,  Horror","Investigation, Cult, Suspense, Hypnotism, Trauma, Tragic Past, Murder, Psychological, Past And Present, Different Timelines ","Set in a small rural town in 1999 where a recording tape containing a mysterious serial murder and an unidentified bizarre sound is discovered.In 1989, terrorist Jo Kyung Ho came back to South Korea after studying in Japan and released sarin gas at a train station in his hometown, killing passengers and subsequently being sentenced to life in prison after turning himself in. His daughter, Jo Jae Young, is sent to live with her aunt, Kyung Ho's younger sister, Jo Jung Hyun.Ten years later, a murder case takes place in the small town with Detective Choi Hyung being put in charge. Suspecting that the case is somehow related to the terrorists, Choi Hyung, who is consumed with the guilt of failing to prevent his wife’s death 10 years ago in the terrorist attack, begins investigating when Jung Hyun's niece suddenly goes missing. Jung Hyun now must come face to face with tragedy once again and she teams up with Choi Hyung to discover the truth and find her niece.(Source: Soompi, NamuWiki, AsianWiki)",7.5,1558,12,"['Yoo Jae Myung', 'Han Ye Ri', 'Uhm Tae Goo', 'Kim Sae Byeok', 'Choi Kwang Il', 'Lee Re']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Park Hyun Suk,Cho Hyun Hoon
1052,Love Is for Suckers,https://mydramalist.com/719759-love-that-will-freeze-to-death,"Comedy,  Romance","Childhood Friends' Relationship, Entertainment Industry, Friends To Lovers, Friendship, Producer Supporting Character, Producer Female Lead, Professor Supporting Character, Plastic Surgeon Male Lead, Chef Supporting Character, Doctor Male Lead ","Goo Yeo Reum is a television producer in the tenth year of her professional career. Although she works harder than most producers, the shows she makes all seem to flop. Then she's selected to produce a new dating-themed reality TV show called “Kingdom of Love.” Her neighbour and best friend of twenty years is Park Jae Hoon, a plastic surgeon who has lost all his passion for work. Their relationship is close but purely platonic. Park Jae Hoon is jaded by his experiences and has also essentially given up on love. As such, he only ever pursues casual relationships. In the planning stage of the show’s production, Goo Yeo Reum runs into struggles, having difficulty finding suitable bachelors to appear on the programme. She eventually turns to Park Jae Hoon in desperation. To help her, he agrees to become a contestant on the show. But in this unfamiliar new dynamic—as a producer and a cast member—they unexpectedly begin developing never-felt-before romantic feelings. Will “Kingdom of Love” turn friends into lovers? (Source: Viki: edited by MyDramaList)",7.5,4482,16,"['Lee Da Hee', 'Choi Si Won', 'Jo Soo Hyang', 'Park Yeon Woo', 'Lee Ju Yeon', 'Lee Dae Hwi']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"ENA,  Viki",Choi Kyu Shik,Kim Sol Ji
1053,"Smile, Dong Hae",https://mydramalist.com/1191-smile-dong-hae,"Comedy,  Romance,  Family",Soap Opera ,"Dong Hae was raised in America by his beautiful but unmarried and mentally deficient mother, Anna Laker, who was adopted there. He goes to Korea for a short-track skating competition and brings his mother along in secret, arranging for her to be picked up at the airport by his girlfriend, Yoon Sae Wa, an ambitious TV announcer who harbors a secret disdain for Anna's disability. Dong Hae meets Bong Yi, a poor assistant chef, when Sae Wa prioritizes her job and sends her to meet Anna instead. After Sae Wa later betrays him, Dong Hae begins to search for his father, creating a new family and finding new romance along the way.(Source: DramaWiki)",7.5,998,159,"['Ji Chang Wook', 'Do Ji Won', 'Oh Ji Eun', 'Park Jung Ah', 'Lee Jang Woo', 'Lee  Joo Yeon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS1,"Mo Wan Il,  Kim Myung Wook",Moon Eun Ah
1054,Bitch X Rich,https://mydramalist.com/743895-cheongdam-international-high-school,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Youth,  Drama","Transfer Student Female Lead, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, Rich Female Lead, Poor Female Lead, Miniseries, Death ",Baek Je Na is a third-generation conglomerate and a gold spoon of the highest class at Cheongdam International High School. Kim Hye In grew up in poverty and is offered a chance to study at the Cheongdam International High School in exchange for her silence on a murder she witnessed. Cheongdam International High School is a homicide mystery that follows Je Na’s rivalry with Kim Hye In as they are pitted against each other in mental warfare. (Sources: pinkvilla.com; nme.com),7.5,2351,10,"['Lee Eun Saem', 'Yeri', 'Lee Jong Hyuk', 'Yoo Jung Hoo', 'Han Da Sol', 'Park Shi Woo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Netflix,Unknown,Unknown
1055,Love Mate,https://mydramalist.com/748465-love-mate,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Office Worker Male Lead, Team Leader Male Lead, Gay Male Lead, Straightforward Male Lead, Gay Romance, Workplace Romance, Superior/Subordinate Relationship, Love At First Sight, LGBTQ+, Gay Supporting Character ","As a team leader, Seo Lee Joon is anything but soft. A leader at So What Media, Lee Joon’s content production team is one of the company’s best but by demanding the best from his team, he’s developed a reputation as the company’s toughest team leader. Seen by all as an iron-clad man who’s set in his ways, everyone is surprised when it becomes apparent that the company’s new employee, Jeong Ha Ram, has started to get under his skin.A very straightforward type of person, Ha Ram hides nothing about himself, including his sincere beliefs about love. Skeptical of love himself, Lee Joon has a hard time understanding how Ha Ram can be so open about love. Even more confusing for Lee Joon is trying to understand the feelings that he seems to be developing for the company’s newest employee. Finding themselves in a bit of a push-and-pull relationship, Lee Joon and Ha Ram begin to understand each other better, as they slowly learn about each other’s past and present struggles. Drawing ever closer, will this unlikely pair learn to let go of the past and allow themselves the freedom to experience true love?(Source: Viki)",7.5,6280,8,"['Cho Han Gyeol', 'Cho Hyun Min', 'Lee Sae Bom', 'Lee Chan Woo', 'Kim Min Kwang', 'Im So Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,So Joon Moon,Unknown
1056,Mute,https://mydramalist.com/61839-mute,"Music,  Romance,  Supernatural","Miniseries, Web Series, Naive Female Lead, Misophonia, Mind Reading, Internship, Short Length Series, Height Difference, Songwriter Male Lead, Musician Male Lead ","Han Na is a female concert organizer who has an incredible secret ability: when she encounters a person whom she loves, she can “hear” their thoughts.While trying to snare a prestigious full-time job, she has a chance encounter with a man named Je Won, who has trouble expressing his feelings and suffers from a hearing-related problem.When they meet, Han Na discovers that she can read his mind, and when they are together, Je Won’s hearing problems magically disappear. A romantic bond slowly develops between them.However, after they kiss for the first time, Han Na discovers that she can no longer read Je Won’s mind. Will love continue to bloom for Han Na even after she stops “hearing” his innermost thoughts?(Source: Viki)",7.5,1060,4,"['Bae Yoon Kyung', 'Won Tae Min', 'Ha  Eun Jin']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,jTBC,Park Sun Jae,"Kang Han Na,  One"
1057,Unkind Women,https://mydramalist.com/12130-unkind-women,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Sismance, Female Centered Plot, Announcer Female Lead, Teacher Female Lead, Kendo, Calm Male Lead, Family, Friendship ","The drama is about four women spanning three generations in one household, who share the same hot-blooded temperament.Thirty years ago, when her husband passed away in an accident, Kang Sunok raised her teenage daughters alone. She became famous for her cooking classes with the help of a talented young disciple named Park Eunsil. The oldest daughter, Hyeonjeong, eventually became a well-known news presenter. She has worked hard and never married, but as the story starts, changes are about to come as her boss favours younger women. Sunoks second daughter, Hyunsuk, cared more about pop music than about schoolwork, and stirred up intense dislike within her teacher. She got expelled from school due to a series of events, got married and had a daughter, Jeong Mari, at a young age. She made her child’s success her life’s priority and Mari studied hard to get her PhD in Korean literature before the age of 30.As the drama starts, Hyunsuk is desperate to make more money to help her family, but things don’t go well. She happens to befriend a wealthy woman, Jang Moran, who becomes deeply involved with the family. Moran is elegant and rich, but she has kept a secret for 30 years – but can, or should, secrets be kept forever? Jang Moran isn’t the only woman to enter the struggling family’s life. Na Hyeonae, winner of the Teacher of the Year award and a doting mother, and none other than the person who ruined Hyunsuk’s life, shows up. Hyunsuk makes a promise to herself to force an apology out of this woman – a mission that turns out not to be so easy. In the meantime, Hyunsuk’s estranged husband does his best to quietly help, while three men with the same family name, Lee, also become important parts of the women’s lives.",7.5,756,24,"['Kim Hye Ja', 'Chae Shi Ra', 'Do Ji Won', 'Lee  Ha Na', 'Lee Soon Jae', 'Jang Mi Hee']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,"Han Sang Woo,  Yoo Hyun Ki",Kim In Young
1058,Pandora,https://mydramalist.com/730197-first-lady,"Action,  Thriller,  Drama,  Melodrama","Lying Male Lead, Broadcasting Industry, Mistaken To Be Betrayed, Protective Female Lead, Married Supporting Character, Married Female Lead, Married Male Lead, Assassin Supporting Character, News Presenter Female Lead, Researcher Male Lead ","In order to protect her beloved family, Hong Tae Ra must become the First Lady of Korea.Hong Tae Ra has a perfect life with her beloved husband Pyo Jae Hyun and their lovely daughter, except for one thing. Hong Tae Ra has no recollection of her past. One day, she regains her memory and faces her harrowing past. Her perfect life is now broken and she finds herself in an uncontrollable situation. Hong Tae Ra struggles to take revenge on those responsible for her past.Pyo Jae Hyun is married to Hong Tae Ra. He is an extremely smart developer, who developed new technology in the neural smart patch field. He runs his company with gentle leadership skills and a sensible personality. He is admired by those around him. People in the political world begin to talk about him as the next presidential candidate.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.5,1216,16,"['Lee Ji Ah', 'Lee Sang Yoon', 'Jang Hee Jin', 'Park Ki Woong', 'Bong Tae Kyu', 'Han Soo Yeon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Hulu,  TVING,  tvN",Choi Young Hoon,Hyun Ji Min
1059,"Romance, Talking",https://mydramalist.com/58399-romance-talking,"Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Livestreaming, Web Series, Nice Male Lead, Misunderstanding, Unrequited Love, Love Triangle, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Live Streamer Male Lead ","A webdrama about a young college student whose favorite livestreamer, a guy who specializes in offering relationship advice, suddenly begins attending her school and seems to even take an interest in her.  How will she be able to approach him? How would one deal with dating an online personality?(Source: MyDramaList)",7.5,1902,8,"['Kim Seo Yeon', 'Choi Kyung Hoon', 'Jung Hyo Jun', 'Jang Tae Hoon']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1060,Couple or Trouble,https://mydramalist.com/1114-couple-or-trouble,"Comedy,  Romance","Non-MDL Remake, Enemies To Lovers, Rich Woman/Poor Man, Cohabitation, Amnesia ","Anna Jo is a rude, feisty, and audacious American-bred heiress who can never be satisfied. She returns to Korea only to continue being a controlling wife to her already cowardly husband, Billy Park. When her yacht gets stuck for repairs, she hires local handyman Jang Chul Soo to fix her shower, but when they have a heated spat over her dissatisfaction and non payment, she pushes him overboard and dunks his tools into the ocean right along with him. Later, after a quarrel with Billy that threatens to end their marriage, she herself gets drunkenly pitched overboard and falls victim to a bad case of amnesia.(Source: DramaWiki)~~ Remake of the American movie ""Overboard"" [1987].",7.5,2877,16,"['Oh Ji Ho', 'Han Ye Seul', 'Kim Sung Min', 'Kim Tae Yoon', 'Lee Seok Min', 'Kim  Jung Wook']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Kim Sang Ho,"Hong Jung Eun,  Hong Mi Ran"
1061,Gumiho,https://mydramalist.com/162-gumiho-tale-of-the-foxs-child,"Historical,  Drama,  Melodrama,  Supernatural","Nine-tailed Fox, Hidden Identity, Mother-Daughter Relationship, Shapeshifter ","The legendary gumiho or nine-tailed fox, Goo San Daek, leaves her husband after his betrayal renders her unable to shapeshift. She takes her nine-year-old daughter, Yeon Yi, who has yet to gain the ability to use her gumiho powers, to a village in order to protect her. As Yeon Yi turns ten, her physical transformation begins, putting her in increasing danger of being discovered by her neighbors.",7.5,1041,16,"['Han Da Gam', 'Kim Yoo Jung', 'Seo Shin Ae', 'Jang Hyun Sung', 'Kim Woo Seok', 'Kim Do Yeon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Lee Jae Sang,  Lee Geon Joon",Jung Do Yoon
1062,First Love Story Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/25403-first-love-story-season-2,"Romance,  Youth","Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Young Adult Female Lead, Young Adult Male Lead, University, Multiple Mains ",Do you remember when we met for the first time?Hyun Jin - a girl who finally meets her coveted guy.Hee Jin - a girl that is still in love.Ha Seul - a girl who is a childhood friend.,7.5,436,6,"['Jo Ha Seul', 'Jeon Hee Jin', 'Kim Hyun Jin', 'Choi Dae Soo', 'Kim Jong Hun', 'ViVi']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1063,Secret Love,https://mydramalist.com/10446-secret-love-2014,"Romance,  Drama,  Fantasy,  Melodrama","Anthology, Multiple Mains, Miniseries, Guardian Angel, Interspecies Romance, Multiple Couples ","An omnibus romance drama that features five different love stories starring by members of idol group KARA. Themes touched in the drama series involve first love, dating methods in love and breakup, unrequited love and immortal love.",7.5,2023,10,"['Han Seung Yeon', 'Yeon Woo Jin', 'Goo Ha Ra', 'Kim Young Kwang', 'Kang Ji Young', 'Bae Soo Bin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,DRAMAcube,"Kim Kyu Tae,  Hong Jong Chan",Lee Jung Sun
1064,Warm and Cozy,https://mydramalist.com/13384-warm-and-cozy,"Food,  Comedy,  Romance","Misunderstanding, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Love Square, First Love, Roommates' Relationship, Heir Male Lead, Chef Male Lead, Innocent Female Lead, Childish Male Lead, Naive Male Lead ","A man and a woman hit by setbacks and spurned by lovers meet one another on Jeju Island. The woman needs time to nurse her wounds after her career and relationship implode. The man is still smarting from a bad relationship that has closed his heart.  When together, they become themselves again, warm and friendly. Neither too hot nor cold.This is about two people recovering from their life troubles to bring warmth back into their lives. Kun Woo is following in the footsteps of the Great Gatsby, who was hopelessly in love with Daisy and sacrificed everything. But then Kun Woo faces an obstacle in pursuing his love interest. It's time for him to make a stand. He will save Daisy from all of her troubles. As he finds himself inextricably linked with a blunt and coarse woman who has no idea what true love is, he finds that he has a soft spot for her. Warm and mild...(Source: MBC)",7.5,9272,16,"['Kang So Ra', 'Yoo Yeon Seok', 'Kim Sung Oh', 'Seo Yi Ahn', 'Jung Jin Young', 'Lee  Han Wi']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Park Hong Kyun,  Kim Hee Won","Hong Jung Eun,  Hong Mi Ran"
1065,Golden Rainbow,https://mydramalist.com/7606-golden-rainbow,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Childhood Friends' Relationship, Friends To Lovers, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Family, Friendship ","Seven orphaned brothers and sisters who have closer ties than blood family are compared to a blood-tied family that is being broken by its own greed to think about the true meaning of family and happiness.The story mainly revolves around Jang Ha Bin/Kim Baek Won, a girl who grows up to be a police woman and Do Young, a boy who grows up to be a prosecutor. He falls in love with her again after she broke his heart in the past.(Source: MBC, DramaWiki)",7.4,1966,41,"['Uee', 'Jung Il Woo', 'Lee Jae Yoon', 'Cha Ye Ryun', 'Do Ji Won', 'Kim Sang Joong']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Lee Jae Jin,  Kang Dae Sun",Son Young Mok
1066,9 Seconds,https://mydramalist.com/16120-9-seconds-eternal-love,"Romance,  Life,  Drama,  Supernatural","Web Series, Miniseries, Blindness, Photography, Time Manipulation, High School, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, Neighbors' Relationship, Orphan Male Lead ","Upon a chance meeting at a neighborhood photo studio, Yoo So Ra and Kang Yoo Chan develop a picture-perfect romance with the help of a magical camera that can freeze time. At first the camera seems like a game, but it begins to take on a whole new meaning as they face hardships that might cut their growing love and youth short.",7.5,2222,7,"['Lee Joo Seung', 'Na Hae Ryung', 'Lee Jae Hyung', 'Fujii Mina', 'Park Lydia', 'Son Sung Chan']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Park Chan Yool,Unknown
1067,Summer Guys,https://mydramalist.com/68329-summer-guys,"Music,  Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Multiple Mains, Summer Setting, Bar Setting, Childhood Friends' Relationship, Beach Setting, Seaside Setting, Bartender Male Lead, Miniseries, Web Series, Bromance ",A hot youth drama about four young men and women with different personalities aimed at reviving an old cocktail bar on the beach.(Source: Hancinema),7.5,1211,10,"['Lee Jung Shin', 'Kang Mi Na', 'Kwon Hyun Bin', 'Im Na Young', 'Lee Jung Sic', 'Jo Duk Hyun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,AbemaTV,Heo Chan,Yook Shi Mon
1068,Wonderful Days,https://mydramalist.com/8306-wonderful-days,"Romance,  Drama","Multiple Couples, First Love, First Love Returns, Return To Hometown, Forbidden Love, Family Relationship, Multi-Generational, Mother-Son Relationship, Mother-Daughter Relationship, Birth Secret ","Dong Suk grew up as a smart young boy, but came from a poor family background. He is now a successful prosecutor and comes back to his hometown for the first time in 14 years. There, he happens to meet his first love Hae Won and falls in love with her all over again.",7.5,1049,50,"['Lee Seo Jin', 'Kim Hee Sun', 'Ok Taec Yeon', 'Youn Yuh Jung', 'Yoon Yoo Sun', 'Noh Kyung Joo']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Kim Jin Won,Lee Kyung Hee
1069,Doubtful Victory,https://mydramalist.com/24774-doubtful-victory,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Romance,  Drama","Investigation, Friendship, Detective Fiction, Fake Identity, Badass Female Lead, Greed, Wrongfully Accused, Teamwork, Smart Female Lead, Orphan Male Lead ","A boy who stumbled onto an accident and reported the crime became a murderer, not a witness, due to the mistreatment of the law and laziness on behalf of the police. He wasted his youth in prison, and the country became a place of violence and barbarism. Now, he wants to show that David strangled Goliath to reclaim lost life, that battles could break way for new future, and that fights result in scars, but true victory is measured by recovery rather than revenge.(Source: SBS International)",7.5,1702,40,"['Yoon Kyun Sang', 'Jung Hye Sung', 'Jang Hyun Sung', 'Choi Won Young', 'Kim Hee Won', 'Yoon Na Moo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Shin Kyung Soo,Lee Hyun Joo
1070,After the Show Ends,https://mydramalist.com/19022-after-the-show-ends,"Comedy,  Romance,  Documentary","Steamy Kiss, Miniseries, Pre-produced, Strong Female Lead ","A new concept of blend between virtual and reality, drama and variety. This show tells what happens between the actors of a TV drama, in the “real life” after they finish the everyday filming.It’s about a 20+ female office worker who has nothing special to recommend her and her non-ordinary double life.(Source: Koreandrama.org)",7.5,202,8,"['Yoon So Hee', 'Ha Seok Jin', 'Lee Min Hyuk', 'Yura', 'Ahn Bo Hyun', 'Shin Seung Hwan']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Naver TV Cast,  tvN","Son Chang Woo,  Heo Chan",Jo Seong Geol
1071,Back to the 2008,https://mydramalist.com/681629-back-to-the-2008,"Romance,  Youth","Short Length Series, 2000s, Miniseries, Web Series ","In 2008, we were strong and full of passion! It tells the youth growth romance stories of boys and girls of that time.(Source: Kpopmap)",7.5,280,10,"['Kim Kook Heon', 'Lee Gu Seul', 'Baek Jae Woo', 'Yoon Eun Seo', 'Kwon Ah Reum']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Go Nak Gyun,Unknown
1072,The Iron Empress,https://mydramalist.com/977-the-iron-empress,"Adventure,  Historical","Goryeo Dynasty, Warrior Female Lead, Queen Dowager Female Lead, Historical Fiction, Royalty, Death, Strong Female Lead ","'The Iron Empress' is the granddaughter of Wang Gun, the first emperor of Goryeo. She has inherited her grandfather's vision as well as his Great Spirit. The empress fights against the enemies trying to collapse Goryeo, and called as 'The Iron Empress' who gets rid of her brother, son, and even her lover, for the good of the empire.",7.5,286,78,"['Chae Shi Ra', 'Ahn Hae Sook', 'Jang Dong Jik', 'Kim Ho Jin', 'Lee Ki Yeol', 'Im Hyuk']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS1,"Shin Chang Seok,  Hwang In Hyuk",Son Young Mok
1073,Miracle,https://mydramalist.com/707421-miracle,"Romance,  Youth","Idol Male Lead, Team Leader Female Lead, Music Industry, Road Manager Supporting Character, Idol Supporting Character, Company President (CEO) Supporting Character, Hardship, Reporter Supporting Character, Entertainment Industry, Character Development ","Having reached a level of fame most young idols can only dream of, there’s no doubt that Luice is at the top of his game. Known throughout the world for his music, Luice has worked hard to make his way to the top. But even as one of the world’s most popular artists, Luice constantly worries about the possibility of some other artist claiming his spot at the top, especially now that the idol group “N/S” is gaining popularity. Once a reluctant participant in an idol audition, Min Si Woo was talked into attending the event by his best friend, Lee Soo Rin, a former trainee hopeful turned content creator for an up-and-coming idol. Having wowed the judges at the audition, Si Woo made a vow to someday become a better singer than Luice as he signed a contract that would change his life forever. Now a member of the popular idol group N/S, he stands poised to make good on his word. While Si Woo’s popularity continues to rise, Soo Rin finds her own life turned upside down after crossing paths with Luice unexpectedly. With Luice now pulling her attention one way and Si Woo pulling it the other, how will Soo Rin find the time to make her own dreams come true? (Source: Viki)",7.5,1790,14,"['Chani', 'Kang  Min Ah', 'Hwiyoung', 'Oh So Hyun', 'Lucy', 'Moon Ji Yong']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,Myung Hyun Woo,"Son Geun Joo,  Lee Hyo Jin"
1074,About Time,https://mydramalist.com/24078-about-time,"Music,  Romance,  Fantasy,  Melodrama","Female Chases Male First, Ex-girlfriend Comes Back, Love Triangle, Weak Female Lead, Performing Arts, Time Manipulation, Rich Male Lead, Supernatural, Friendship, Superpower ","A man and a woman have different abilities when it comes to time. Michaela Choi  is an aspiring musical actress who has the unusual ability to see other people’s life spans and knows that her own time is limited.When Michaela meets Lee Do Ha, the chief director of a cultural foundation, she realizes that her time clock stops when she is near him. He is the only person who can extend her life so that she can pursue her dreams of becoming a musical theater actress.Do Ha suddenly finds that Michaela is inserting herself into his life just to be near him. What can he do about this new nuisance in his life?(Source: Viki)",7.5,10666,16,"['Lee Sung Kyung', 'Lee Sang Yoon', 'Im Se Mi', 'Han Seung Yeon', 'Rowoon', 'Tae In Ho']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Kim Hyung Shik,Choo Hye Mi
1075,Banana Actually 2,https://mydramalist.com/21469-banana-actually-2,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","Childhood Friends' Relationship, Short Length Series, Break Up, Infidelity, Heartbreak, Cohabitation, Web Series, Multiple Couples, Friendship ",A short offbeat romance drama about  dating and relationships.,7.5,250,12,"['Song Won Seok', 'Bae Da Bin', 'Ahn Seung Hwan', 'DJ Henney', 'Kim Yi Rin']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
1076,The Liar and His Lover,https://mydramalist.com/21823-the-liar-and-his-lover,"Music,  Comedy,  Romance,  Youth","Lying, Entertainment Industry, Band, Singing, Bromance, Adapted From A Manga, Secret, Father-Son Relationship, Scandal, Forced Break-up ","A love story about a depressed genius music composer Kang Han Gyeol who meets the high school student Yoon So Rim when he’s living under a hidden identity. With her courageous honesty and beautiful singing, So Rim draws Han Gyeol back to her again and again. They meet love obstacles along the way as So Rim finds out that Han Gyeol was actually Crude Play's producer K.(Source: Wikipedia)~~ Adapted from the manga ""Kanojo wa Uso o Aishisugiteru"" (カノジョは嘘を愛しすぎてる) by Aoki Kotomi (青木 琴美).",7.5,17761,16,"['Lee Hyun Woo', 'Joy', 'Lee Jung Jin', 'Lee Seo Won', 'Hong Seo Young', 'Kim Sung Joo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Kim Jin Min,Unknown
1077,Must You Go?,https://mydramalist.com/75629-it-s-thorny,"Music,  Historical,  Romance,  Fantasy","Adapted From A Webtoon, Musician Female Lead, Musician Male Lead, Singer Female Lead, Singer Male Lead, Chasing A Dream, Past Life, Hardworking Male Lead, Hardworking Female Lead, Entertainment Industry ","Min Yoo Jung is a 25-year-old woman who dreams of becoming a successful pop musician. But her musical dreams are a long way from coming true – and she spends her evenings busking on the streets. Life takes a turn for the weird when Park Yeon, a talented musician from the past is transported from the Joseon Dynasty (1392-1910) to the present day, where he meets Min Yoo Jung and indicates he is ready to help her on her musical quest. However, he is not the only time-traveling visitor to drop in on her: A gifted vocalist by the name of Lee Won also travels from the distant past and makes her acquaintance. And things get even more complicated when Jung Do Young  – an entertainment industry professional – uses her own powers to connect with the past to learn of Park Yeon’s secrets…(Source: Viki)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""It's Thorny"" (가시리잇고) by Park Sun Jae (박선재) and Ra Hee (라희).",7.5,1340,8,"['Chani', 'Park Jung Yeon', 'Lee Seung Hyub', 'Kwon Ji Eun', 'Lee Dong Yong', 'Shin Yoon Jung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Lim Jae Kyung,"Park Sun Jae,  Eo Seo Jin"
1078,Anniversary Anyway,https://mydramalist.com/35353-anniversary-anyway,"Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Cold Male Lead, Calm Female Lead, Smart Male Lead, Friends To Lovers, Web Series, Multiple Couples, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Teenager Female Lead ","“Anniversary Anyway” is a Naver V original web drama that tells the story of six teenagers who are experiencing first love as they each get ready to celebrate an anniversary.Hongseok has taken on the role of a sharp-minded 18-year-old boy named Hong Woo Jae who is a hopeless romantic for Cha Se Yi. Gyujin will play Gong Doo Jin, a boy who finds love more difficult than everything else in the world.",7.5,318,14,"['Kim Min Seo', 'Lee Jae Seok', 'Yang Hong Seok', 'Kim Na Yun', 'Dam Woo', 'Park Ji Ye']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1079,Once Upon a Time in Saengchori,https://mydramalist.com/1047-once-upon-a-time-in-saengchori,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Comedy,  Romance","Workplace Setting, Office Setting, Office Worker Female Lead, Office Worker Male Lead, Workplace Romance, Death, Boss-Employee Relationship, Murder, Investigation, Suspense ","This drama revolves around a group of brokerage firm employees who are relocated to a quiet rural village, where both thrilling and bizarre events occur and romance bloom between the employees and residents. At the center of the many secrets surrounding Saengchori, it is a complicated murder mystery in which the employees find themselves unwittingly involved. However, there are some that prefer certain skeletons in the closet remain hidden and will go to any lengths for this. Is the murderer someone from the quirky, country village of Saengchori, or could it be one of their own?",7.5,529,20,"['Ha Seok Jin', 'Kim Dong Yoon', 'Lee Young Eun', 'Bae Geu Rin', 'Kim  Hak Chul', 'Nam Bo Ra']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Jo Chan Joo,Lee Young Chul
1080,Dok Go Bin Is Updating,https://mydramalist.com/62883-dok-go-bin-is-updating,"Comedy,  Youth,  Sci-Fi","Bromance, Secret Crush, Robot, Nerdy Male Lead, Artificial Intelligence, Web Series, Popular Female Lead, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting ","“Dok Go Bin Is Updating” is a comedic story of a friendship between college student Ha Deok Ho and AI robot with a heart of gold Dok Go Bin. Ha Deok Ho is a freshmen who is kind and cute, but is unable to read the room at any time. Meanwhile, Dok Go Bin was supposed to be one of the greatest works in history with the perfect combination of hardware and software but was mysteriously released with the label of “Incomplete”. Along with them, Jin Yoo Ra, is dubbed the “Goddess of social media” and is the most popular girl in school. She is also the person Ha Deok Ho has a crush on. Yang Na Ri is a president of student council. She is Ha Deok Ho's senior. Dr. Kim is highly intelligent and created Dok Go Bin with the hopes of turning his life around.(Source: Soompi)",7.5,507,12,"['Kim In Seong', 'Hwiyoung', 'Kim Nu Ri', 'Lee Ye Young', 'Moon Sang Hoon', 'Kim Seo Ha']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Hong Chung Gi,Unknown
1081,Sweet 18,https://mydramalist.com/294-sweet-18,"Comedy,  Romance","Older Man/Younger Woman, Arranged Marriage, Ex-girlfriend Comes Back, Female Chases Male First, Winter Setting, Married Female Lead, Married Male Lead, Prosecutor Supporting Character, Age Gap [Drama Life], Love At First Sight ","Kwon Hyuk Joon's grandfather, the head of the traditional Kwon family agrees to an arranged marriage between his grandson, Hyuk Joon, and Yoon Jung Sook when Yoon Jung Sook is born. Eventually, the two families lose contact with each other, because soon after the contract is signed, Jung Sook's family encounters financial issues and is forced to run away.18 years later, Jung Sook has grown up to be a rebellious and strong-willed girl who just wants to live her life as she sees fit. With little aspirations, she is the direct foil of her achievement-bound counterpart, Hyuk Joon. When the two meet again, they clash horribly; Jung Sook thinks her fiancee is nothing but boring, and Hyuk Joon believes Jung Sook to be nothing but an immature child. Despite this, they marry. What follows is the story of their new life living together as a couple, and the obstacles they are faced with.",7.5,4034,16,"['Han Ji Hye', 'Lee Dong Gun', 'Lee Da Hae', 'Lee In', 'On  Jo', 'Bi Ryu']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Kim Myung Wook,  Kim Jung Gyu","Kim Eun Hee,  Yoon Eun Kyung"
1082,Devil Inspector Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/30633-devil-inspector-2,"Mystery,  Comedy,  Youth,  Drama","Web Series, Bromance, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Amateur Detective Male Lead, Criminal Profiler Male Lead, Forensic Medical Examiner Male Lead, Teenager Male Lead, Short Length Series, Detective Female Lead ","Ok Jin Kyung is a detective with the Mirae Police Station. She works hard for justice and will do anything to get the job done. She gets help from two genius high school students, Seol Oh Sung and Pyo Han Eum, who have been given honorary crime-fighting positions as a profiler and forensic scientist. But will there be a case that even this expert group can’t crack?(Source: Viki)",7.5,452,18,"['Yoo Sun Ho', 'Kim Nam Joo', 'Ahn Hyung Sub', 'Jang Moon Bok', 'Kim Tae Min', 'Lee Byung Hun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Naver TV Cast,  Viki",Park Sun Jae,Unknown
1083,Birth of a Beauty,https://mydramalist.com/11177-birth-of-a-beauty,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Makeover, Plastic Surgery, Rich Male Lead, Transformation, Revenge, Cohabitation, Food, Hidden Identity, Misunderstanding, Amnesia ","Han Tae Hee is the heir of a large company. He is suffering from broken heart syndrome due to psychological shock. To get the woman he loves back, he completely changes an unattractive and overweight Sa Geum Ran to beautiful Sa Ra. In the process, Han Tae Hee falls for Sa Ra. Besides this, Sa Geum is married to a man, who discredits her and along with his mistress, they pray on her downfall, ultimately getting her killed, or so they thought.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.5,15046,21,"['Joo Sang Wook', 'Han Ye Seul', 'Jung Gyu Woon', 'Wang Ji Hye', 'Han Sang Jin', 'Ha Jae Sook']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Lee Chang Min,  Park Seon Ho",Yoon Young Mi
1084,Secret Boutique,https://mydramalist.com/32993-secret-boutique,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama,  Political","Power Struggle, Strong Female Lead, Secret Crush, Scheme, Revenge, Corruption, Lying, Independent Female Lead, Hardworking Female Lead, Cold Male Lead ","Do Young lived and worked in a public bathhouse after leaving the orphanage. Yeo Ok, the head of Deo Group, finds favor in her eyes of Do Young, and with Yeo Ok's support, Do Young changes her name to Jenny Jang and gets to run a high-end fashion boutique. Also, she becomes a central and powerful figure in the political and business circles as she secretly solves problems for the upper classes. Jenny's ultimate goal is to become the queen of the Deo family using the international city development project. On the other hand, Yeo Ok plans to take advantage of Jenny and abandon her as soon as she succeeds in making Deo Group one of the top 10 corporates in Korea through the international city development project. To do so, Yeo Ok shouldn't make Jenny notice her scheme.(Source: Viki)",7.5,773,32,"['Kim Sun Ah', 'Jang Mi Hee', 'Park Hee Bon', 'Go Min Si', 'Kim Jae Young', 'Kim Tae Hoon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Park Hyung Ki,Heo Seon Hee
1085,Hearts of Nineteen,https://mydramalist.com/693-hearts-of-nineteen,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Family","Rich Male Lead, Bickering Mains' Relationship, Stay At Home Dad, Married Life, Nice Female Lead, Secondary Couple, Hardworking Female Lead, Orphan Female Lead, Older Man/Younger Woman, Enemies To Lovers ","Guk Hwa is a young country girl who leaves Yanbian (China) for Korea to get married. When she arrives in Seoul, she finds out that her fiancé had just died in a car accident. Instead of returning to China, she decides to stay and create a new life in Korea. With the help of her fiancé's family and in particular his nephew, Woo Gyeong, she is able to overcome the hardship of living in a foreign country.",7.4,292,167,"['Gu Hye Seon', 'Seo Ji Suk', 'Han Jin Hee', 'Jo Mi Ryung', 'Kang  Suk Woo', 'Youn Yuh Jung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS1,Hwang In Hyuk,Goo Hyun Sook
1086,To Be Continued,https://mydramalist.com/15207-to-be-continued,"Music,  Comedy,  Fantasy","Web Series, Time Travel, K-Pop, High School, Friendship, Short Length Series, Multiple Mains, Competition, Supernatural, Nice Female Lead ",This web drama is a teen fantasy story that tells the story of a male idol group (ASTRO)  that suddenly slips back in time just one day ahead of their debut stage.,7.4,7334,12,"['Kim Sae Ron', 'Cha Eun Woo', 'Moon Bin', 'MJ', 'Rocky', 'Jin Jin']",G - All Ages,"MBC every1,  Naver TV Cast",Unknown,Unknown
1087,Yellow,https://mydramalist.com/26255-yellow,"Music,  Romance,  Youth","Band, Miniseries, Web Series, Multiple Mains, Short Length Series, Friendship ","Yeo Reum who just got her first job is Ji Hun’s girlfriend. Ji Hun who doesn’t have a specific job is a member of a band named Yellow. Yeo Reum is a realistic girl who works hard to be a decent grownup and she finds it hard to understand Ji Hun who has nothing but only Yeo Reum in his mind. One day, Ji Hun notices that Yeo Reum decided to break up with him and goes to meet her, and she really breaks up with him there. Ji Hun spends a year missing Yeo Reum, and one day, he receives a message from Yeo Reum.(Source: Viki)",7.4,1451,10,"['Ji Ye Eun', 'Kim Do Wan', 'Do Won', 'Kim Hae Woo', 'Han Se Jin', 'Kim Ye Ji']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Naver TV Cast,Baek Min Hee,Bang Yoo Jung
1088,I Picked Up a Star on the Road,https://mydramalist.com/30800-i-picked-up-a-star-on-the-road,"Comedy,  Romance","Rich Man/Poor Woman, Kidnapping, Lying, Impulsive Female Lead, Parody, Love Triangle, Contract Relationship, Entertainment Industry, Poor Female Lead, Love/Hate Relationship ","Contract worker Lee Yeon Seo daydreams about teaching her manager a lesson, but accidentally acts out her fantasy on none other than top Hallyu star Kang Joon Hyuk. Thinking she killed him but afraid to be labeled a murderer, she takes him home and prepares to get rid of the  body. But Joon Hyuk wakes up and seeing her preparations thinks he has been kidnapped by a murderous psychopath. Seeing no other option, she keeps him hostage so he doesn't turn her in to the police.  How long can she keep him hidden and can she ever convince him she's not an evil person?",7.4,6108,10,"['Sung Hoon', 'Kim Ga Eun', 'Kim Jong Hoon', 'Kang Sung Jin', 'Park Soo Young', 'Han Eun Sun']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,"Oksusu,  Viki",Kwon Hyuk Chan,"Lee Nam Gyu,  Moon Jong Ho,  Oh Bo Hyun"
1089,Bravo My Life,https://mydramalist.com/24397-bravo-my-life,"Drama,  Family","Assistant Director Female Lead, Producer Male Lead, Hotelier Supporting Character, Chairman/Chairwoman Supporting Character, Chairman Male Lead, Singer Supporting Character, Actor Male Lead, Entertainment Industry, Multiple Mains, Older Woman/Younger Man ","A heady drama producer, an assistant director, and an actor who hasn't debuted after seven years in the industry navigate the world of television drama production.(Source: SBS International)",7.4,211,56,"['Do Ji Won', 'Park  Sang Min', 'Yeon Jung Hoon', 'Jung Yoo Mi', 'Hyun Woo', 'Kang Ji Sub']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Jung Hyo,Jung Ji Woo
1090,Mrs. Cop Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/16371-mrs.-cop-2,"Mystery,  Drama","Teamwork, Villain Likes The Lead, Smart Female Lead, Sassy Female Lead, Smart Male Lead, Police Procedural, Strong Female Lead, Investigation, Detective ","After Choi Yeong Jin takes time off from work, Ko Yoon Jung becomes the new detective squad chief. She returned to South Korea after training with the F.B.I. in the United States.",7.4,773,20,"['Kim Sung Ryung', 'Kim Min Jong', 'Kim Bum', 'Lee Joon Hyuk', 'Im Seul Ong', 'Son Dam Bi']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Kim Jung Hyun,  Yoo In Shik",Hwang Joo Ha
1091,"Nevertheless,",https://mydramalist.com/72855-i-know-but,"Romance,  Life,  Youth,  Drama","Steamy Kiss, Love Triangle, Playboy Male Lead, Multiple Couples, Adapted From A Webtoon, Inner Monologue, Friends With Benefits, Sexual Content, Fast Paced Romance, Playful Male Lead ","Park Jae Eon finds dating a waste of time but likes to flirt. Even though he is friendly and cheerful towards all, he does not pursue others. Park Jae Eon is a master of “push-and-pull” who doesn’t get swept up in emotions. Jae Eon draws firm lines between himself and other people and doesn’t reveal how he feels. Yet when Park Jae Eon meets Yoo Na Bi, he wants to cross those lines. Yoo Na Bi wants to date but doesn’t trust love. After a bitter experience with her first love, she doesn't believe in destiny anymore. But when she meets Park Jae Eon, he has a magical effect on her that challenges Na Bi’s decision to stay aloof.(Source: Soompi, edited by MyDramaList)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Nevertheless"" (알고있지만) by Jung Seo (정서).",7.4,39660,10,"['Han So Hee', 'Song Kang', 'Chae Jong Hyeop', 'Lee Yeol Eum', 'Yang Hye Ji', 'Kim Min Gwi']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"jTBC,  Netflix","Kim Ga Ram,  Jang Ji Yeon",Jung Won
1092,9 End 2 Outs,https://mydramalist.com/471-9-end-2-outs,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","Friendship, Cohabitation, Ex-girlfriend Comes Back, Slow Burn Romance, Nice Female Lead, Heartbreak, Character Development, Baseball, Unrequited Love, Love Triangle ","Hong Nan Hee is an ordinary worker at a publishing firm. She's a girl who always falls in and out of love ever since she was young. Nan Hee has a best friend in her former classmate & childhood friend, Byun Hyung Tae, who has always been there for her through her ups-and-downs and relationship breakups. After a particularly bad breakup with her much-younger boyfriend, Nan Hee moves into Hyung Tae's apartment to escape from her mother's nagging. There, she slowly discovers more sides to Hyung Tae than she thought she knew, and as the both of them spend more time with each other, different sorts of feelings begin to grow.(Source: MyDramaList)",7.4,3340,16,"['Park Soo Ae', 'Lee Jung Jin', 'Lee Tae Sung', 'Im Yoon Ah', 'Lee Sang Woo', 'Son Jung Min']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Han Cheol Soo,Yeo Ji Na
1093,Vampire Detective,https://mydramalist.com/9125-vampire-detective,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Supernatural","Bromance, Vampire Fiction, Mutant, Slight Romance, Sassy Female Lead, Pre-produced, Death, Superhuman Strength, Interspecies Romance, Friends To Lovers ",Private detective Yoon San suddenly becomes a vampire. He solves various cases for his clients while also trying to uncover the mystery surrounding himself while maintaining his secret identity as he solves cases using his unique abilities.,7.4,4720,12,"['Lee Joon', 'Oh Jung Se', 'Lee Se Young', 'Lee Chung Ah', 'Jo Bok Rae', 'Kim Yoon Hye']",Not Yet Rated,OCN,"Kim Ga Ram,  Lee Seung Hoon",Yoo Young Sun
1094,Real,https://mydramalist.com/56675-real-time-love,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Sitcom","Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Childhood Friends' Relationship, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, Short Length Series, Older Woman/Younger Man, High School, Web Series ","Hong Yun has been friends with Ye Chan since elementary school, they are 18 years old, and they both dream of love. Ye Chan is in love with 20-year-old Ji Hyo once he confesses his feelings to her, but for her, he is just a friend. Hong Yun is single after breaking up with her ninth boyfriend. How will life treat these two friends, especially since a new handsome Hae Jin has appeared on the horizon showing interest in Hong Yun and Ye Chan also meets a beautiful girl? (Source: doramafox.ru)",7.4,801,15,"['Lee Eun Soo', 'Park Si Young', 'Choi Hyun Wook', 'Yoo Ji Yeon', 'Han Ji Hyo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,vLive,Unknown,Unknown
1095,The King and I,https://mydramalist.com/2195-the-king-and-i,"Historical,  Drama,  Political","Eunuch Supporting Character, Eunuch Male Lead, Queen Supporting Character, Queen Female Lead, Historical Fiction, Strong Male Lead, Multiple Mains, Tearjerker, Joseon Dynasty ","A drama about Kim Cheo Seon's life during the Joseon Dynasty. Kim Cheo Seon was a loyal and faithful eunuch for various Kings, such as the 5th King, Munjong, and the 10th King, Yeonsangun, during the Joseon era.In the Joseon Dynasty period, the kingdom was enveloped in a political maelstrom. Cheo Seon was born as a posthumous child and separated from his mother immediately. He was raised by Weol Hwa and the old Swe Gwi, who ran the eunuch school. When he meets So Hwa, the daughter of a powerful noble, he falls in love with her immediately. He voluntarily becomes a eunuch to be close to So Hwa and is assigned to work for Cho Chi Gyeom, a senior eunuch. Entering the royal palace, he sees King Sung Jong and So Hwa spend their first night together. He becomes So Hwa's loyal protector. As the political battles rage on among the courtesans and wives in the palace, So Hwa is chosen by the king to be his queen and Cheo Seon vows to be her loyal servant. But So Hwa is eventually dethroned as the queen and leaves the palace in disgrace. Cheo Seon helplessly watches these events unfold and he secretly helps So Hwa. But in a cruel twist of fate, he is the one chosen to execute So Hwa's death sentence by serving her a bowlful of poison. After So Hwa dies, he looks after her son King Yeon San as if he were his own son.",7.4,276,63,"['Oh Man Suk', 'Gu Hye Seon', 'Jeon In Hwa', 'Go Joo Won', 'Jeon Kwang Ryul', 'Kang Samuel']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Lee Jong Soo,Yoo Dong Yoon
1096,Tong,https://mydramalist.com/19710-tong-memories,"Action,  Youth,  Drama","Student Supporting Character, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Teenager Supporting Character, Teenager Male Lead, Short Length Series, Street Fight, High School, Gang, Web Series ","What makes a young boy grow up to become a legendary fighter? Lee Jung Woo has always had a short temper and doesn’t like to be messed with. Growing up in Busan, he learns to fight back when he is bullied by other kids and ends up becoming a local legend and the top street fighter of Busan. His best friend is Kwon Doo Hyun, who always lives under the shadow of Jung Woo. “Tong: Memories” is a South Korean web movie. It is considered to be the prequel to the popular webtoon “Tong.”",7.4,380,12,"['Lee Hak Joo', 'Heo Ji Won', 'Lee Jae Yoon', 'Kim Ji An', 'Kwon Hyuk Bum', 'Choi Young Min']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1097,Last Scandal,https://mydramalist.com/423-last-scandal,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Housekeeper Female Lead, Actor Male Lead, Famous Male Lead, Brothers Love Same Woman, Famous Lead/Common Lead, Bantering Relationship, Hidden Identity, Male Chases Female First, Cohabitation, Misunderstanding ","Hong Sun Hee is a housewife who accidentally meets her first love, Jang Dong Chul, again. Now he is known as Song Jae Bin and is a famous movie star who didn't recognize her. Sun Hee's husband lands himself in jail for debts and Sun Hee applies to the wealthy Dong Chul for aid. He isn't inclined to help her because she's no longer the beauty she once was but eventually she moves into his house as a housekeeper. The two bicker constantly but slowy they discover the feelings they had at 19 aren't completely gone.",7.4,1257,16,"['Jung Joon Ho', 'Choi Jin Shil', 'Jung Woong In', 'Byun Jung Soo', 'Lee Sang Hoon', 'Kim Byung Se']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Lee Tae Gon,Moon Hee Jung
1098,Gourmet,https://mydramalist.com/743-gourmet,"Food,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","Adapted From A Manhwa, Cooking ","Talented chefs Bong Joo and Sung Chan were raised like brothers after Sung Chan was orphaned and taken in by Bong Joo's family. Bong Joo's family owns a famous traditional Korean restaurant and claims descent from the last royal chef of the Joseon Dynasty. Bong Joo assumes that as the eldest, he will be the one to take over his family's restaurant and marry Joo Hee when his father makes a surprising announcement about a special cooking contest! Sung Chan is seen as a threat by some because of his youth, talent, creativity and non-conforming ways. Feeling sorry for him, Joo Hee tries to help him. Discovering the truth about their great-grandfather causes a crisis for Bong Joo, but he later becomes even more determined to be a success while Sung Chan decides to leave. Sung Chan becomes a food peddler, specializing in the freshest and best ingredients in traditional Korean cuisine. Will he ever become a chef again? Will they ever become united as ""brothers""?",7.4,675,24,"['Kim Rae Won', 'Kwon Oh Jung', 'Nam Sang Mi', 'Kim So Yeon', 'Won Ki Joon', 'Choi Bool Am']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Han Cheol Soo,  Choi Jong Soo",Choi Wan Kyu
1099,Part-time Mello,https://mydramalist.com/707007-part-time-melodrama,"Comedy,  Romance","Co-workers' Relationship, Restaurant Setting, Waitress Female Lead, Secondary Couple, Older Woman/Younger Man, Web Series, Love Triangle ","Seul Mi gets a part-time job at 'Sol&Pub' after giving up on becoming a civil servant.She dreams of new experiences and romance, but instead, unexpected things happen…From her coworkers that don't get along to a selfish manager that dumps his mistakes on someone else!Incompatible chemistry part-time job romance between opposites begin(Source: KOK TV)",7.4,245,12,"['Dawon', 'Han Soo A', 'Lee Eun Sang', 'Min Soo Hwa', 'Ha Jong Woo', 'Jung Dae Ro']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Unknown,Baek Seung Hwa
1100,Brilliant Heritage,https://mydramalist.com/58331-shocking-legacy,"Comedy,  Romance,  Family,  Melodrama","Multiple Couples, Money-Obsession, Second Chance, Death Of A Mother, Big Family, Soap Opera, Death, Contract Relationship ","Family relationships, fortunes, and fake marriages are at the heart of this delightful drama involving a restaurateur and his greedy sons. Bu Young Bae is the owner of a 50-year-old Pyongyang cold noodle restaurant whose health scare causes his children to quarrel over his vast wealth. Feeling betrayed by their behavior, he decides to marry Gye Ok, a 33-year-old single maid enticed by Young Bae's fortune and big family, under false pretenses. The move shocks his sons, but Gye Ok's strong work ethic makes Young Bae realize that she’ll be able to keep his cold noodle restaurant afloat. Unlike his siblings, Young Bae’s independent and headstrong son, Bu Seol Ak, isn’t interested in his wealth or family drama, but his disdain for Gye Ok and her presence in his aging father’s life motivates him to get involved, bringing the two adversaries closer together in unexpected ways.(Source: viki.com)",7.4,239,122,"['Park In Hwan', 'Kang Se Jung', 'Shin Jung Yoon', 'Kang Shin Jo', 'Lee Ah Hyun', 'Nam Sung Jin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS1,Kim Hyung Il,Kim Kyung Hee
1101,Wild Romance,https://mydramalist.com/3137-wild-romance,"Comedy,  Romance,  Sports","Ex-girlfriend Comes Back, Baseball, Sismance, Bodyguard Female Lead, Bipolar Disorder, Anti-Fan, Cyberbullying, Enemies To Lovers, Female Chases Male First, Fan Female Lead ","Everything starts on the birthday of Eun Jae's dad. When she was drunk, Eun Jae ran into Park Moo Yul, who is the 2nd baseman of the ""Red Dreamers"". Eun Jae, who is a fan of ""Blue Seagulls"", starts a fight with Moo Yul, who led the ""Red Dreamers"" to victory. The next day, the internet is on fire with the video called 'Humiliated Park Moo Yul'. Because of this video, the career of both Moo Yul and Eun Jae, who recently got a job as a bodyguard, are in danger.In the end, they decided to put on a show against the public! They lie that Eun Jae is Moo Yul's private bodyguard, and the video was recorded when Eun Jae was giving a self-defence demonstration to Moo Yul. Like this, Eun Jae becomes the real bodyguard of Moo Yul. It seems like everything worked out just fine, but the problem is that they can't stand each other's existence...",7.4,6398,16,"['Lee Dong Wook', 'Lee Si Young', 'Kim Dong Ho', 'Oh Man Suk', 'Hwang Sun Hee', 'Im Ju Eun']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,"Kim Jin Woo,  Bae Kyung Soo",Park Yeon Sun
1102,The Time We Were Not in Love,https://mydramalist.com/13482-the-time-we-were-not-in-love,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth","Friends To Lovers, School Setting, Childhood Friends' Relationship, MDL Remake, Career Oriented Female Lead, Infidelity, Student, Nice Male Lead, Unrequited Love, Love Triangle ","Choi Won is ""the perfect guy"" - good-looking, tall and fit with an amicable personality. Although he is very popular with women, he can't have a proper relationship because of his friend, Oh Ha Na. A romantic comedy about a man and a woman who have been best friends for 20 years (7000 days). They turn 34 and make a pact to be married before 35, and race each other to the altar while “helping” weed out potential suitors. They find that they're constantly dissatisfied with each other’s boyfriends and girlfriends, because they've really been in love all this time.",7.4,7832,16,"['Ha Ji Won', 'Lee Jin Wook', 'Yoon Kyun Sang', 'Choo Soo Hyun', 'Shin Jung Keun', 'Seo Joo Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Jo Soo Won,"Jung Do Yoon,  Lee Ha Na"
1103,Woof & Meow – Do you Love Me?,https://mydramalist.com/717947-woof-meow-do-you-love-me,Romance,"Short Length Series, Miniseries, Nice Male Lead ","When it comes to love, Ha Joon is about the farthest thing from an expert that you can get. With almost no dating experience, the closest Ha Joon has ever gotten to having a long-term relationship is the one he has with his dog, Meongoo. Now in his twenties, Ha Joon is starting to feel that raising a dog is great, but it would be nice to have an actual human by his side.Terrified of going through his entire twenties without a proper relationship, Ha Joon agrees to visit a dating consultation company with some of his college friends. While there, Ha Joon finds himself crossing paths with Do Hee, a pretty young lady who looks exactly like his first love. Incredibly unlucky when it comes to love, Do Hee's only true companion is her cat Anna. Even so, Do Hee refuses to give up on love.Bonding over their mutual affection for their pets, Ha Joon and Do Hee find themselves drawing even closer, but is that one connection enough to spark love's eternal flame?(Source: Viki)",7.4,255,10,"['Cha Hun', 'Yoon Chae Kyung', 'Joo Jong Hyuk', 'Park So Eun', 'OBON', 'Jeong Si Hun']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,DRAMAcube,Unknown,Kim Yoo Jung
1104,Banana Actually,https://mydramalist.com/21467-banana-actually,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life","Miniseries, Web Series, Multiple Couples, Dating Expert, Drinking, Nice Female Lead, One-night Stand, Sexual Content, Strong Female Lead, Nice Male Lead ",A 72-second romance drama series about dating and relationship that follows the lives of four different couples.,7.4,425,8,"['Ahn Seung Hwan', 'Ji Eun Sung', 'Park Jung Yoon', 'Kim So Ra', 'Kim Yi Rin']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
1105,Spring Waltz,https://mydramalist.com/244-spring-waltz,"Romance,  Melodrama","Orphan Female Lead, Weak Female Lead, Enemies To Lovers, Love Square, Second Chance, First Love, Filmed Abroad, Spring Setting, Childhood Friends' Relationship, Pianist Male Lead ","Will the tragedy of spring be repeated years later?To escape debt, Lee Su Ho's father escaped to a remote island where his friend had a young daughter Eun Young, who was the same age as Su Ho. After being abandoned by his father, Su Ho sought to leave, but his mind changed after being touched by Eun Young's pure heart. A series of unfortunate events ensue, and Su Ho disappears while Eun Young is sick in the hospital.Years later, while travelling in Austria, Eun Young meets the talented pianist Jae Ha, a man with a cold exterior with a few words, who bears a resemblance to Su Ho. As their love starts to develop, the truth unfolds... Can their love endure the harsh spring tragedy many years ago?",7.4,2840,20,"['Seo Do Young', 'Han Hyo Joo', 'Daniel Henney', 'Lee So Yeon', 'Han So Yi', 'Kim Hae Sook']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Yoon Seok Ho,Hwang Da Eun
1106,Bite Sisters,https://mydramalist.com/712981-bite-sisters,"Romance,  Supernatural","Strong Female Lead, Reincarnation, Retail, Social Media, Sismance, Supernatural Power, Interspecies Romance, Web Series, Short Length Series, Miniseries ","About Han Yi Na who is an 821-year-old vampire who can’t stand seeing injustice. When she unexpectedly becomes a trendsetting influencer with over a million followers, Han Yi Na uses her power to secretly help those in need.(Source: Naver)",7.4,1919,10,"['Kang Han Na', 'Kim Young Ah', 'Choi Yoo Hwa', 'Lee Shin Young', 'Lee Ah Jin', 'Yoon Eun Bin']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Han Ka Ram,Unknown
1107,You Are the Best!,https://mydramalist.com/6064-you-are-the-best,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Family","Age Gap [Drama Life], Age Gap [Real Life], Soap Opera, Older Man/Younger Woman ","Lee Soon Shin goes through hardships after her father's death. Soon Shin and her mother struggle to find happiness. Her love story continues in the mist of ups and downs of her life.Lee Soon Shin is the youngest member of a successful family. Despite her family′s successes, however, she seems to have failed to inherit any talent, and is marked as an oddball though she remains a bright, lively and courageous girl. She then meets the head of an agency named Shin Joon Ho, and he turns her life around.Shin Joon Ho is a confident, cold and competitive man, who changes later after he begins to understand the real meaning of success through Lee Soon Shin.",7.4,6166,50,"['IU', 'Jo Jung Suk', 'Go Doo Shim', 'Lee Mi Sook', 'Kim Yun Seo', 'Kim Hwan Hee']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Yoon Sung Shik,Jung Yoo Kyung
1108,Second to Last Love,https://mydramalist.com/17319-second-to-last-love,"Romance,  Life,  Drama","Tragic Past, Hardworking Male Lead, Hardworking Female Lead, Multiple Couples, Misunderstanding, Entertainment Industry, Producer Female Lead, Neighbors' Relationship, Age Gap [Drama Life], Age Gap [Real Life] ","An adult romance about a forty-something woman finding love and who works as a television producer. She has no interest in romance and just concerns herself with preparing for retirement, but when she moves to a new town, she meets a 46-year-old man who’s widowed and has one child, and a romance begins.",7.4,1427,20,"['Kim Hee Ae', 'Ji Jin Hee', 'Kim Seul Gi', 'Kwak Shi Yang', 'Stephanie Lee', 'Lee Soo Min']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Choi Young Hoon,Choi Yoon Jung
1109,The Virus,https://mydramalist.com/6199-the-virus,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Medical","Investigation, Suspense, Strong Male Lead, Pandemic, Disease, Infectious Disease, Virus, Miniseries, Death, Disaster ","This drama centers around the scientists at the ‘special infectious disease crisis response team‘ lead by Lee Myung Hyun, who investigate a mysterious infection case where the virus has a 100% fatality rate. While investigation, they face the truth and fight against the power of evil.",7.4,712,10,"['Uhm Ki Joon', 'Hyun Woo', 'Lee Sae Byul', 'Lee So Jung', 'Kim Yu Bin', 'Song Young Kyu']",Not Yet Rated,OCN,Lee Jong Jae,Lee Myung Sook
1110,Kimcheed Radish Cubes,https://mydramalist.com/715-kimcheed-radish-cubes,"Romance,  Drama","Age Gap [Drama Life], Age Gap [Real Life], Nice Female Lead, Older Man/Younger Woman, Boss-Employee Relationship, Multiple Couples, Nice Male Lead, Rich Male Lead, Family ","Jang Sa Ya is a girl that has grown up living in a secluded temple in the countryside. She meets and helps Park Jae Woo when he passes out in a forest nearby. He hands her a card saying he would repay her if she ever goes to Seoul. As Sa Ya continues to develop a curiosity of the world and wants to escape her ""monk"" life, her constant effort finally reaches an agreement with her guardian at the monastery. Her guardian tells her she has a father in Seoul, thus starting her venture to find her father. Along the way, she meets some unfortunate events, and while searching for her father, Jae Woo soon falls for her.",7.4,371,44,"['Park Shin Hye', 'Joo Sang Wook', 'Kim Seung Soo', 'Yoo Ho Jung', 'Kim Heung Soo', 'Go Doo Shim']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Kwon Seok Jang,Unknown
1111,Crime Squad,https://mydramalist.com/286-crime-squad,"Action,  Mystery","Police Department Setting, Detective Male Lead, Investigation ","Based on real-life cases, this Korean drama focuses on a group of detectives in the Seoul Gangnam Police Homicide Division. At the forefront of the team, it is the hotheaded detective Park Se Hyuk and the cold, commanding police chief, Jung Il Do. Se Hyuk's impulsive, act-first-think-later methods, instincts honed on the streets, and pesky habit of threatening resignation clashes with his superior Il Do's strict, by-the-book style. The two also share a painful past, with Il Do being the detective on the case involving the death of Se Hyuk's daughter. Along with tenacious reporter Jo Min Joo and the rest of the homicide squad, they must now overcome their differences to solve crimes together.",7.4,1149,16,"['Song Il Gook', 'Lee Jong Hyuk', 'Song Ji Hyo', 'Park Sun Young', 'Kim Joon', 'Sung Ji Ru']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Kwon Gye Hong,"Park Sung Jin,  Lee Soo Hyun"
1112,Golden Time,https://mydramalist.com/3991-golden-time,"Comedy,  Romance,  Medical","Hospital Setting, Surgeon Male Lead, Emergency Department, Resident Doctor ","After spending two years teaching in the country, Lee Min Woo returns to a city hospital to complete his residency and face his own uncertainties about being a doctor. Free-spirited and goofy, he is jaded about his job and just wants it easy. He is then jolted out of apathy when a traumatic incident forces him to rethink why he wanted to be a doctor in the first place. The first-year resident Kang Jae In comes from a rich family that owns hospitals, but she just simply wants to be a doctor who can support herself and help others. Both Min Woo and Jae In work in ER under the guidance of Choi In Hyuk, a famously astute workaholic surgeon who puts his patients before himself.",7.4,746,23,"['Lee Sun Kyun', 'Lee Sung Min', 'Hwang Jung Eum', 'Song Sun Mi', 'Chun Jae Ho', 'Sun Woo Yong Nyeo']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,"Lee Yoon Jung,  Kwon Seok Jang",Choi Hee Ra
1113,House of Bluebird,https://mydramalist.com/13121-house-of-bluebird,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Calm Male Lead, Poor Male Lead, Childhood Friends' Relationship, Found Family, Orphan Male Lead, Love Triangle, Family, Friendship ","A drama that tells the story of strong bond between the members of a family even though they are not blood-related. This drama also portrays the hope of parents toward their children’s success and how difficult for fresh university graduates to get respectable and well-paid jobs.Kim Ji Wan plays a reliable young man who brims with confidence. Meanwhile, Han Eun Soo plays a young woman with a bright personality.",7.4,830,50,"['Lee Joon Hyuk', 'Chae Soo Bin', 'Lee Sang Yeob', 'Kyung Soo Jin', 'Choi Myung Gil', 'Jung Jae Soon']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Ji Byung Hyun,"Choi Hyun Kyung,  Park Pil Joo"
1114,Glitch,https://mydramalist.com/684863-glitch,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Comedy,  Sci-Fi","Disappearance, Cult, Investigation, Sismance, Suspense, YouTuber Female Lead, Childhood Friends' Relationship, Alien Abduction, Flashback To Past, Secret ","About a woman searching for her missing boyfriend, who disappeared one night in a flash of unknown lights. With the help of a community of UFO watchers, she uncovers the truth behind a mysterious secret.Hong Ji Hyo is a “parachute hire” (someone who got hired based on their family connections). She has a steady job and a solid family background. Although they are no longer passionately in love, she also has a boyfriend whom she’s dated for four years. The couple is beginning to think of marriage when her boyfriend suddenly goes missing.Heo Bo Ra is an unsuccessful Twitch streamer and a YouTuber with only a few hundred subscribers, whose content is all about mysteries. She’s a warrior who wields a keyboard as her weapon, and she’s a member of the UFO watcher community. She spends day after day inside her room, editing her videos.(Source: Soompi)",7.4,3081,10,"['Jeon Yeo Been', 'Nana', 'Lee Dong Hwi', 'Ryu Kyung Soo', 'Ko Chang Seok', 'Jung Da Bin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Netflix,Roh Deok,Jin Han Sae
1115,Golden Bride,https://mydramalist.com/1095-golden-bride,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Supportive Mother-in-Law, Hardworking Female Lead, Arranged Marriage, Skinship, Multiple Couples, Mother-Daughter Relationship, Older Man/Younger Woman, Nice Male Lead, Family Relationship, Married Female Lead ","Jin Joo is a half-Korean and half-Vietnamese girl who marries a Korean man, Kang Jun Woo, in order to come to Korea to look for her biological father who abandoned her. The drama is not only about her searching for her dad but also about the cultural differences between her and her husband's family. There is bad blood between the two families, Kim and Kang. The rivalry is even more fueled because Jun Woo's mother used to date Young Min's father but Young Min's mother stole him away from her. Kang Sae Mi is Jun Woo's sister and Kim Young Soo is Young Min's younger brother. They want to get married but both families oppose their marriage which leads to the two young lovers running away and living together.",7.4,580,64,"['Lee Young Ah', 'Song Chang Eui', 'Song Jong Ho', 'Choi Yeo Jin', 'Ahn Mi Na', 'Kim Hee Chul']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,SBS,Baek Soo Chan,Park Hyun Joo
1116,Tazza,https://mydramalist.com/1205-tazza,"Action,  Adventure,  Thriller,  Romance","Gambling, Adapted From A Manhwa, Revenge, Childhood Friends' Relationship, Gambler Male Lead, First Love, Melodrama, Drama, Friendship, Suspense ",Go Ni suffers an incredible loss when his mother and stepfather die because of Young Min. He later ends up in jail where he meets people who will change his life forever. Go Ni learns from a top tazza player in hopes of getting revenge.,7.4,547,21,"['Jang Hyuk', 'Kim Min Joon', 'Kim Gab Soo', 'Han Ye Seul', 'Kang Sung Yun', 'Lee So Jung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Baek Soo Chan,  Kang Shin Hyo",Unknown
1117,Cruel Palace - War of Flowers,https://mydramalist.com/6532-cruel-palace-war-of-flowers,"Historical,  Romance,  Drama,  Political","Antiheroine Female Lead, Dark Fiction, Femme Fatale, Historical Fiction, Qing Dynasty, Harem, Joseon Dynasty ","A legendary femme fatale, So Yong uses her natural beauty, sensuality, and wit to win the King’s love and become part of his royal concubine. King In Jo indulges himself in So Yong and neglects his sovereign duties. Taking advantage of King In Jo’s impotence, So Yong snatches his power and exercises absolute control over the entire country. She even joins a rebellion along with her stepfather. Crown Prince So Hyeon, upon returning home after seven years in captivity, tries to develop his country by adopting advanced scientific practices and culture. However, the young Prince is a threat to So Yong, and she decides to manipulate the King into poisoning his own son. After Prince So Hyeon’s death, Kang Bin, the Crown Princess, finds out that So Yong is the culprit. In league with the courtiers, Kang Bin tries to defeat So Yong and win the country back. But So Yong is conniving and not about to roll over. The vicious story of the Bloodied Palace begins.(Source: JTBC)",7.4,287,50,"['Kim Hyun Joo', 'Jung Sung Woon', 'Lee Deok Hwa', 'Uhm Yoo Shin', 'Lee Seo Yun', 'Lee Moon Jung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,"Noh Jong Chan,  Kim Jae Hong",Jung Ha Yeon
1118,The Colors of Our Time,https://mydramalist.com/65461-finally-stained,"Romance,  Life","Writer Female Lead, Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series, Seaside Setting, Photographer Male Lead, Photography, Height Difference, Friendship, Young Adult Female Lead ",It tells the romance of Yu Ra a web novel writer who planed her new romance novel when she saw by chance the photographer Jung Woo but ended up being the main character of the story.(Source: Kpopmap),7.4,243,4,"['Lee Hyun Joo', 'Moon Sang Min']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
1119,"Good-bye, Mr. Black",https://mydramalist.com/15142-goodbye-mr.-black,"Thriller,  Business,  Romance,  Drama","Wrongfully Accused, Fake Marriage, Adapted From A Manhwa, Revenge, Double Identity, Rich Male Lead, Suspense ","Inspired by “The Count of Monte Cristo,” this TV show follows a devious plot of revenge and love. After searching for answers after a sudden tragedy, a man uncovers the betrayal of his best friend and devises a plot to exact revenge. To disguise his identity, he enters a phony marriage with a young woman but finds himself unexpectedly falling in love with her that restores his trust and confidence in humanity.(Source: MBC)",7.4,3412,20,"['Lee Jin Wook', 'Moon Chae Won', 'Yoo In Young', 'Kim Kang Woo', 'Song Jae Rim', 'Kim Tae Woo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Han Hee,  Kim Sung Wook",Moon Hee Jung
1120,4 Kinds of House,https://mydramalist.com/26559-4-kinds-of-house,"Music,  Comedy,  Romance,  Life","Cohabitation, Cross-Dressing, Web Series, Miniseries, Chef Female Lead, Enemies To Lovers, Friendship, Food ","Web drama, '4 Kinds of House' is a drama based on the stories of people who are used to living alone living in a shared home and opening  up on their feelings and finding true love.When Na Yoon loses her apartment, she pretends to be her cousin in order to move into an all-male sharehouse who turns out to be owned by the idol Sun Min, known for his difficult personality and temper. As the rooms get occupied, they all change each others' lives.",7.4,798,4,"['Zuny', 'Lee Jae Jin', 'Nam Yoon Su', 'Nam Yi An', 'Lee Sang', 'Choi Min Hwan']",Not Yet Rated,"MBC every1,  Naver TV Cast",Unknown,Unknown
1121,Choco Milk Shake,https://mydramalist.com/731399-love-is-dang-nyang-dang-nyang,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Fantasy","Gay Romance, LGBTQ+, Nice Male Lead, Gay Male Lead, Animal Transformation, Dog, Cat, Reincarnation, Web Series, Animal Representation ","A cat and dog cross the Rainbow Bridge and return to the terrestrial world in human form?!Jung Woo lives alone. When he was twenty, a fatal accident robbed him of all he loved: he lost not just his parents, but even the pet dog and cat, Choco and Milk, whom he had raised since childhood. One evening, after returning home from work in his uncle's café, he is disturbed by two handsome strangers knocking at his door. To his disbelief, they claim to be Choco and Milk! They can prove it, however: and after hearing their memories of earlier times together, Jung Woo realises that he has indeed been visited by the two beloved companions of his youth, reincarnated in human form.Choco and Milk settle themselves comfortably into Jung Woo's home, and the three once more enjoy the warmth and affection they have longed for since their cruel separation. But there are new dimensions to their resumed life together, and surprising discoveries to be made in the realms of friendship and love...(Source: MyDramaList)",7.4,9275,11,"['Ko Ho Jung', 'Lee Jae Bin', 'Kim Seong Hyuk', 'Park Seung Bin', 'Son Go Eun', 'Lee Yeon Bin']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Ahn Ji Hee,Unknown
1122,Three Dads One Mom,https://mydramalist.com/301-three-dads-one-mom,"Romance,  Family","Death Of A Husband, Single Mother Female Lead, Nice Female Lead, Reverse-Harem, Death, Pregnancy ","Song Na Young and her husband, Jung Sung Min, desperately want a child but her husband is unable to get her pregnant. Her husband's friends decide to help them. But Na Young suddenly loses her husband in an accident and she gives birth to her daughter but does not know which of her husband's friends fathered her child. The father of Na Young's child can either be Han Soo Hyun, Choi Kwang Hee, or Hwang Kyung Tae.",7.4,2248,16,"['Eugene', 'Jo Hyun Jae', 'Jae Hee', 'Shin Sung Rok', 'Yoon Sang Hyun', 'Kim Bin Woo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Lee Jae Sang,Jo Myung Joo
1123,About Love,https://mydramalist.com/13471-about-love,Romance,"Web Series, Famous Lead/Common Lead, Fluffy, Barista Male Lead, Miniseries, Idol Male Lead, Airhead Female Lead, Secret Relationship, Café Setting, Singer Male Lead ","A web drama that consists of two segments (""Milky Way"" and ""Secret Love"") broken down into two episodes each. ""Milky Way"" tells the story between a barista and a girl who like each other without them knowing the other's feelings. In “Secret Love,” Dongjun and Yurina will portray the sweet and secret romance between the lead vocal in a top idol group and a Chinese reporter.",7.4,520,4,"['Kevin Woo', 'Jin Yea', 'Kim Dong Jun', 'Liu Yu Jia', 'Kim Kyung Jin', 'Han Jung Woo']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
1124,Five Fingers,https://mydramalist.com/4549-five-fingers,"Music,  Romance,  Melodrama","Evil Brother, Rich Family, Evil Stepmother, Soap Opera, Pianist Male Lead, Dark Fiction, Mother-Son Relationship, Revenge ","In Ha is the son of a talented pianist, and dreams of taking over his family's business. But when one day his father brings home an illegitimate son, Ji Ho, and declares that he will be the heir to the family business, In Ha’s world is shattered. In Ha's mother hereby want's revenge and uses Ji Ho, while playing the goodnatured mother in front of him.Ji Ho grows up to be a pianist prodigy and the heir to his family's business. He loves his stepmother and stepbrother In Ha more than himself and only wants the best for them. But when he finds out the secrets, lies and plots which have used on him, he vows to revenge on the people who he once thought was his closest family.",7.4,1759,30,"['Chae Shi Ra', 'Joo Ji Hoon', 'Ji Chang Wook', 'Jin Se Yeon', 'Cha Hwa Yun', 'Jang Hyun Sung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Choi Young Hoon,Kim Soon Ok
1125,First Love Story,https://mydramalist.com/24308-first-love-story,"Romance,  Youth","Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series, School Setting, University, Multiple Mains, Student, First Love, Friendship ",Do you remember when we met for the first time?Hyun Jin - a girl who finally meets her coveted guy.Hee Jin - a girl that is still in love.Ha Seul -  a girl who is a childhood friend.(Source: MyDramaList),7.4,592,6,"['Jeon Hee Jin', 'Kim Hyun Jin', 'Jo Ha Seul', 'Kim Jong Hun', 'Choi Dae Soo', 'ViVi']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1126,Ms. Perfect,https://mydramalist.com/21736-ms.-perfect,"Mystery,  Comedy","Slight Romance, Infidelity, Naive Male Lead, Weak Male Lead, Investigation ","Shim Jae Bok has always believed she lived life to the fullest. But, misfortunes never come singly. Her beloved husband ends up cheating on her. What's worse, her benefactor stabs her in the back. Things are closing in on her, but she's not the type of person who gives up. Let's find out how she comes up against the harsh reality of life!(Source: KBS World)",7.4,1205,20,"['Go So Young', 'Sung Joon', 'Yoon Sang Hyun', 'Cho Yeo Jung', 'Kim Bo Min', 'Kim Jung Nan']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Hong Seok Goo,  Kim Jung Min",Yoon Kyung Ah
1127,Cheese in the Trap,https://mydramalist.com/14457-cheese-in-the-trap,"Psychological,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","Adapted From A Webtoon, Rich Male Lead, Stalking, Possessive Male Lead, Love Triangle, School Bullying, Hardworking Female Lead, Smart Female Lead, Smart Male Lead, Male Chases Female First ","Having returned to college after a year long break due to her family's poor background, Hong Seol, a hardworking over-achiever, inadvertently gets on the wrong side of her senior, Yoo Jung, who's athletic, good looking, gets good grades and has a kind personality, as well as a hidden dark side. From then on her life takes a turn for the worse and Hong Seol is almost certain it's all Yoo Jung's doing. So why is he suddenly acting so friendly a year later?(Source: WeTV)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Cheese in the Trap"" (치즈인더트랩) by Soonkki (순끼).",7.4,46374,16,"['Kim Go Eun', 'Park Hae Jin', 'Seo Kang Joon', 'Lee Sung Kyung', 'Nam Joo Hyuk', 'Park Min Ji']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Lee Yoon Jung,Kim Nam Hee
1128,On Air,https://mydramalist.com/1014-on-air,"Romance,  Drama","Screenwriter Female Lead, Actress Female Lead, Talent Manager Male Lead, Director Male Lead, Entertainment Industry ","This drama is about behind the scene in TV drama productions. It also portrays how the whole production team and performers complete a project on a tight schedule as well as how actors, actresses, and entertainment agencies handle rumours surrounding them. Jang Ki Joon used to be a top manager in the business but he went bankrupt as he couldn't compete with other powerful agencies. He was 'rescued' by Oh Seung Ah, a top star, who agreed to join his agency after breaking off with her former one. Lee Kyung Min was a drama PD who got his first chance at being a director. Seo Young Eun is a much sought after scriptwriter, who was divorced and has a young son.",7.4,635,21,"['Song Yoon Ah', 'Kim Ha Neul', 'Lee Bum Soo', 'Park Yong Ha', 'Kim Sung Oh', 'Yoo Seo Jin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Shin Woo Cheol,Kim Eun Sook
1129,Let's Only Walk The Flower Road,https://mydramalist.com/23961-lets-only-walk-the-flower-road,"Music,  Comedy,  Life,  Youth","Short Length Series, Multiple Mains, Miniseries, Friendship ",A drama tells the story of 7 idol trainees and their daily hardships.,7.4,407,8,"['Moon Byul', 'Seulgi', 'Kim So Hee', 'D.ana', 'YooA', 'Ryu Soo Jung']",Not Yet Rated,KBS1,Unknown,Unknown
1130,One More Time,https://mydramalist.com/19916-the-day-after-we-broke-up,"Music,  Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Time Loop, Time Travel, Fate, Suicide, Miniseries, Band, Web Series, Arrogant Male Lead, Mental Illness, Depression ","Yoo Tan is the leader and vocalist of an indie band called One More Time, a band he started with his childhood friends ten years ago. The indie band flourished for a while even boldly refusing to succumb to the establishment at one point. But Tan is getting older, the popularity of his band is dwindling, and life isn’t getting any easier financially, so he eventually signs with a music label. While enduring the difficult conditions inherent at a major music label, an unforeseeable event takes place sweeping Tan up in it: An unwanted time leap which allows him to journey back in time to regain his girlfriend.",7.4,8731,8,"['Kim Myung Soo', 'Yoon So Hee', 'Kim Ji Young', 'Kang Nam Gil', 'Shin Ji Soo', 'Lee Tae Im']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,"BS TV Tokyo,  Netflix",Unknown,Unknown
1131,Peach of Time,https://mydramalist.com/691545-peach-of-time,"Romance,  Youth,  Drama,  Supernatural","Mother-Son Relationship, Gay Romance, Investigation, Web Series, Nice Male Lead, Tragic Past, Bilingual Male Lead, Single Mother/Father Supporting Character, Foreigner Male Lead, Gay Male Lead ","Peach, a 22-year old Thai boy, takes a daring step in his life and decides to  fly to Korea to meet his Korean friend, Yoon Oh. They first met when Yoon Oh visited the restaurant Peach's parents own in Phuket.Everything seems perfect for Peach. He finally realized his dream! On top  of that, as he stays in his friend's house, the two can finally be together.  But something just doesn't seem right. Sung Suk, Yoon Oh’s mother,  seems to be cautious and reserved in Peach's presence. She is harsh with  her son and Peach soon realizes that the two do not get along well.Willing to help his friend, Peach takes matters in his own hands and tries  to mend the strained relationship. He just wants Yoon Oh to be happy...  and if he can make it happen, he will! But what is that weird feeling in Peach's heart? Does he like Yoon Oh...? (Source: hanyang-bls.com)",7.4,4692,10,"['Choi Jae Hyun', 'Jimmy Karn Kritsanaphan', 'Tommy Sittichok Pueakpoolpol', 'Jung Ae Yun', 'Yoon Hee Seok', 'Ahn Da Bi']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Tencent Video,"Park Sun Jae,  Jang Eui Soon",Yang Joo Hyun
1132,Sometoon 2020,https://mydramalist.com/62015-sometoon,"Mystery,  Romance,  Youth","Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Young Adult Female Lead, Young Adult Male Lead, Short Length Series, University, Miniseries, Web Series, Adapted From A Webtoon ","It is the love triangle romance that takes place when Ye Jin goes to search for her long-time online friend named ""Sweet Brick"". She does not know if he is a member of her craftwork class named No Woon or the man she often meets by chance named Cha Ian.(Source: Kpopmap.com)~~ Partially adapted from the webtoon ""Sometoon x OH MY GIRL"" (썸툰 x 오마이걸) by Mohito Mohikan (모히또모히칸).",7.4,312,10,"['Yoo Bin', 'Jung Woo Jin', 'Ki Tae Hwa', 'Kim Jong Yoon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1133,Conspiracy in the Court,https://mydramalist.com/1187-conspiracy-in-the-court,"Historical,  Drama","Conspiracy, Miniseries ",Lee Na Young was trained to be an assassin after being rescued from servitude when her high ranking father was convicted of treason. Her childhood sweetheart Park Sang Kyu who had returned from studying abroad and worked as a government official was looking all over for her. So did her former servant Yang Man Oh who had become the leader of the merchant group. The three got entangled in a conspiracy against the Emperor who was determined to carry out reforms to create a new Korea whereby the class system would be eliminated.(DW),7.4,197,8,"['Jin Yi Han', 'Kim Ha Eun', 'Lee Chun Hee', 'Ahn Nae Sang', 'Jung Ae Ri', 'Kim Eung Soo']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Kwak Jung Hwan,Park Jin Woo
1134,Love Returns,https://mydramalist.com/25126-i-believe-even-if-i-hate,"Romance,  Drama,  Family,  Melodrama","Character Development, Organ Transplantation, Soap Opera, Multi-Generational, Mother-Daughter Relationship, Multiple Couples, Love Triangle ","The drama follows the life a woman who ends up losing everything after living a turbulent life. When she starts anew from the bottom, ironically, her life blossoms. The value that holds us together is not blood nor law, but rather love and affection between us.(Source: KBS World)",7.4,609,120,"['Lee Sung Yeol', 'Pyo Ye Jin', 'Lee Dong Ha', 'Han Hye Rin', 'Kim Sun Woong', 'Song Yoo Hyun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS1,Park Gi Ho,Kim Hong Soo
1135,"Hyde, Jekyll, Me",https://mydramalist.com/11514-hyde-jekyll-me,"Psychological,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Dissociative Identity Disorder, Double Identity, Love Triangle, Adapted From A Webtoon, Cold Man/Warm Woman, Heir Male Lead, Arrogant Male Lead, Playful Male Lead, Hardworking Female Lead, Mental Illness ","Gu Seo Jin is a third-generation chaebol who runs the theme park Wonder Land. He seemingly has everything — looks, brains, and fortune. But a traumatic incident in his childhood resulted in Seo Jin having a split personality — one is a cold, ruthless man, while the other is the polar opposite, someone kind and gentle. Because of this, he vows never to date or marry. Seo Jin wants to get rid of the circus show at Wonder Land due to low ticket sales and high overhead costs, but he butts heads with circus master Jang Ha Na. Ha Na insists on saving the failing circus and dreams of revamping it back to its former glory. She soon finds herself falling for both of Seo Jin's personalities. (Source: AsianWiki)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Dr. Jekyll is Mr. Hyde"" (지킬박사는 하이드씨!) by Lee Chung Ho (이충호).",7.4,14351,20,"['Hyun Bin', 'Han Ji Min', 'Sung Joon', 'Lee Hye Ri', 'Lee Seung Joon', 'Han Sang Jin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Jo Young Kwang,  Park Shin Woo",Kim Ji Woon
1136,Love Is Drop by Drop,https://mydramalist.com/21314-love-is-drop-by-drop,"Business,  Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Obsessive Female Lead, Heart Transplant, Disapproving Parent, Family Relationship, Deception, Jealousy, Mother-Son Relationship, Death, Family Pressure, Forgiveness ",Eun Bang Wool falls in love with the man who received a heart transplant from her ex-boyfriend. She faces secrets around her.,7.4,228,120,"['Wang Ji Hye', 'Kang Eun Tak', 'Gong Hyun Joo', 'Kim Min Soo', 'Kim Hye Ri', 'Kim Yoon Kyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Kim Jung Min,Kim Young In
1137,Private Lives,https://mydramalist.com/57049-private-life,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Romance,  Crime","Fraud, Corruption, Swindling, Secret Organization, Marriage, Lovers To Enemies, Espionage, Detective Agency, Enemies To Friends, Conspiracy ","Swindlers come across a secret of the nation and try to reveal the secret. They must go up against a large company by using all of their skills.Lee Jung Hwan is a team leader for the major corporation. He looks like an ordinary company employee, but he is a mysterious figure. Cha Joo Eun is a swindler, who has the looks of a sweet and innocent woman. She supports herself with her crimes. Jung Bok Ki is a professional swindler. She often targets other swindlers. She is elegant and also charismatic. Kim Jae Wook is Jung Bok Ki’s partner in crime.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.4,6893,16,"['Seo Hyun', 'Go Kyung Pyo', 'Kim Hyo Jin', 'Kim Young Min', 'Tae Won Seok', 'Park Sung Geun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"jTBC,  Netflix",Nam Gun,Yoo Sung Yeol
1138,"Will Be Okay, Never Die",https://mydramalist.com/38487-will-be-okay-never-die,"Romance,  Drama","Workplace Setting, Office Setting, Office Worker Female Lead, Short Length Series, Workplace Romance, Hardworking Female Lead, Superior/Subordinate Relationship, Miniseries, Web Series ","Oh Min Joo, a rookie employee of an office who dreams of quitting her job. She experiences the ups and downs one goes through in the workplace and represents the sympathy of the 20s-30s age working group.(Source: HanCinema)",7.4,192,6,"['Jo Woo Ri', 'Kang Yul', 'Park So Dam', 'Jo Jae Hwan', 'Oh Geun Wook']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1139,Golden Empire,https://mydramalist.com/6788-golden-empire,"Business,  Drama","Workplace Politics, Greed, Power Struggle, Ambition, Revenge, Murder, Family ","A power struggle between three people in one chaebol empire for 20 years from the turbulent era of Korean finance in the early 1990s to 2010s. Jang Tae Joo is a young man who fights to build up his so-called empire of gold from nothing after his father dies. In order to achieve his dream he marries Choi Seo Yoon, the chaebol heiress of Sung Jin Group. Sung Jin Group battle over ensures between Jang Tae Joo, Choi Seo Yoon and her older cousin Choi Min Jae.",7.4,631,24,"['Go Soo', 'Lee Yo Won', 'Son Hyun Joo', 'Jin Seo Yun', 'Sun Woo Eun Sook', 'Lee Hyun Jin']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,SBS,Jo Nam Gook,Park Kyung Soo
1140,Jinx,https://mydramalist.com/706241-jinx,"Romance,  Youth,  Fantasy","Web Series, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Young Adult Male Lead, Unlucky Male Lead, Misfortune, University, Miniseries ","Kyu Han, a seemingly ordinary student, is cursed with an unlucky jinx. Every time he sneezes, things go exactly the opposite of what he hopes, forcing him into all sorts of unfortunate situations in his daily life. However, despite his supernatural bad luck, he still romantically chooses to pursue his one-sided crush, believing that if he just tries his hardest, there’s nothing he can’t achieve.(Source: Soompi)",7.4,327,10,"['Chani', 'Eunseo', 'Kim Bo Ra', 'Choi Yu Ju', 'Kim Sang Woo', 'Kim Han Jong']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Daum Kakao TV,Nam Tae Jin,Moon Woo Young
1141,What Happened in Bali,https://mydramalist.com/1206-what-happened-in-bali,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Forced Kiss, Rivalry, Love Square, Kind Male Lead, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Dark Fiction, Hardworking Female Lead, Playboy Male Lead, Money-Obsession, Filmed Abroad ","Lee Soo Jung is a travel agent who is seeking her good luck in Bali after a harsh and unforgiving childhood. She meets Jae-min, Kang In Wook, and Young Joo in Bali, three seemingly perfect people entangled in a triangle of love. When Lee Soo Jung finds herself back in Seoul, her desire for success leads her to seek Jae Min for a job, unwittingly setting off a course of events that further complicates the love triangle.What Happened in Bali is a drama that reveals the inner materialistic desires of people. It reflects upon the sometimes ugly, but truthful, side of man where nothing matters more than money.(Source: DramaWiki)",7.4,2246,20,"['Ha Ji Won', 'Zo In Sung', 'So Ji Sub', 'Park Ye Jin', 'Kim Soo Mi', 'Yeo Ho Min']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Choi Moon Seok,"Kim Ki Ho,  Lee Sun Mi,  Hwang Sung Yeon"
1142,Replay,https://mydramalist.com/72613-replay,"Music,  Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Web Series, Love Triangle, Nice Female Lead, Jealousy, Multiple Mains, High School, Strong Female Lead, Multiple Couples, Nice Male Lead, Unrequited Love ","A group of high schoolers goes on a musical adventure as they edge toward the end of their schooldays – forming a band. But not long after they have begun, a new journey gets underway: romance. And it is a force that threatens to sow the seeds of disharmony in the band. The band’s lead singer is Yoo Ha Young, whose YouTube cover version of a popular song became a viral online hit. However, she wants to become a singer in her own right – someone who is known for performing original material, rather than covers. But it looks like the group’s guitarist, Yoo Ha Young’s close friend Lee Ji Hoon, is developing feelings for her – as is Gong Chan Young, an older keyboard player who also joins the band. Meanwhile, there are also sparks flying between bassist and Yoo Ha Young’s best friend Lim Seo Eun and the band’s eclectic drummer and academic no-hoper Shim Tae Young.(Source: Viki)",7.4,2210,10,"['Cho Mi Yeon', 'Kim Min Chul', 'Hwiyoung', 'Choi Ji Su', 'Marco', 'Kwon Hyuk Soo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Daum Kakao TV,Unknown,Unknown
1143,Revolutionary Love,https://mydramalist.com/24289-revolutionary-love,"Business,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Childhood Friends' Relationship, Office Worker Female Lead, Heir Male Lead, Company President (CEO) Male Lead, Cheerful Female Lead, Airhead Male Lead, Benevolent Mother, Strict Father, Dorky Male Lead, Spoiled Male Lead ","Byun Hyuk is a son from a wealthy family who runs a large company. He lives a happy life without any specific goals. He is confident around women and he is also naive, with a warm heart. Byun Hyuk begins to live in a studio in a poor area. He hides his background.Baek Joon lives in the same area. She works part-time jobs to make ends meet. Baek Joon graduated from a good university, but she was unable to land a job at a company and started taking part-time jobs. She is positive and full of justice, but her life changes when Byun Hyuk appears.",7.4,9487,16,"['Choi Si Won', 'Kang So Ra', 'Gong Myung', 'Lee Jae Yoon', 'Jung Chan Bi', 'Kim Ye Won']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,"Song Hyun Wook,  Lee Jong Jae",Joo Hyun
1144,Revolutionary Sisters,https://mydramalist.com/66527-revolutionary-sisters,"Thriller,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Suspense, Rape, Death, Murder, Public Officer Female Lead, Guitarist Male Lead, Musician Male Lead, Singer Male Lead, Strict Parent, Righteous Female Lead ","While in the process of filing for a divorce, a mother is murdered. All of her immediate family members are potential suspects.Lee Cheol Soo is the father of three daughters. Lee Cheol Soo is strict when it comes to rules and principles. He doesn't get along with his adult age daughters.Lee Kwang Nam is the oldest daughter. She is proud of herself and also selfish. She has received unconditional love from her mother, which led to her dislike of her father. Her father has put her mother through so much suffering.Lee Kwang Shik is the second oldest daughter. She works as a public officer. Lee Kwang Shik is smart and principled. She hasn't received a lot of love from her parents, but she is considerate of other people.Lee Kwang Tae is the youngest daughter. She is good at martial arts. Lee Kwang Tae has never held a full-time job and she has supported herself by working part-time jobs. She isn't interested in marriage.Han Ye Seul is Lee Kwang Shik's lover. He is an aspiring singer who dropped out of high school and moved to Seoul to follow his childhood dream of becoming a star. He is both manly and emotional at the same time, and his singing and guitar abilities—along with his sense of humor—add to his charm.(Source: AsianWiki, Naver, Soompi)",7.4,585,50,"['Yoon Joo Sang', 'Hong Eun Hee', 'Jeon Hye Bin', 'Go Won Hee', 'Kim Kyung Nam', 'Lee Bo Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Lee Jin Seo,Moon Young Nam
1145,My Little Baby,https://mydramalist.com/16483-my-little-baby,"Comedy,  Romance,  Family","Neighbors' Relationship, Character Development, Bromance, Second Chance, Detective Male Lead, Single Father Male Lead, Single Mother Female Lead, Friendship ","Cha Jung Han is a detective for a special investigation team. He is busy with investigating violent cases including drugs and gangs, but one day he takes in his niece Eun Ae and struggles to raise her.Han Ye Seul is a single mother who raises her 5-year-old son alone. She is Cha Jung Han’s first love.",7.4,1562,16,"['Oh Ji Ho', 'Lee Soo Kyung', 'Kim Min Jae', 'Nam Ji Hyun', 'Jung  Soo Young', 'Go Soo Hee']",G - All Ages,MBC,Han Cheol Soo,Lee Eun Young
1146,Triple Fling,https://mydramalist.com/34433-triple-fling,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth","Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Childhood Friends' Relationship, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, Short Length Series, Reverse-Harem, Multiple Mains, Miniseries ","Lee Se Hee never thought she'd be part of the popular clique in high school, and neither did she expect herself to be in a love square with 3 very attractive popular guys! Who is she going to choose?",7.4,929,8,"['Son Sang Yeon', 'Eom Se Ung', 'Jung Bo Min', 'Jang Yu Bin', 'Shin Jeong You']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1147,La Dolce Vita,https://mydramalist.com/792-la-dolce-vita,"Mystery,  Romance,  Drama","Married Female Lead, Married Male Lead, Dark Fiction, Femme Fatale, Extramarital Affair, Soap Opera, Older Man/Younger Woman, Infidelity, Older Woman/Younger Man, Death ","The drama is about a man who commits suicide. A detective tries to solve the case and figure what really happened. The drama goes back in time to six months before the man, Lee Joon Soo, committed suicide. Yoon Hye Jin and Ha Dong Won's marriage is on the rocks. Though they have two daughters together, both have secret love affairs with other people. Joon Soo accidentally meets Hye Jin in Japan and falls for her. Hong Da Ae is the woman whom Dong Won is seeing on the side. She never wanted to be his wife nor his mistress and that is why their affair has lasted for so long. That was till Da Ae met Joon Soo. She realized that she could no longer continue seeing Dong Won and she fell for Joon Soo. Did Joon Soo really kill himself? - DramaWiki",7.4,359,24,"['Park Shi Yeon', 'Jeong Bo Seok', 'Lee Dong Wook', 'Oh Yeon Soo', 'Jung Gyu Woon', 'Kim  Mi Kyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Kim Jin Min,Jung Ha Yeon
1148,The Woman Who Still Wants to Marry,https://mydramalist.com/109-the-woman-who-still-wants-to-marry,"Comedy,  Romance,  Melodrama","Older Woman/Younger Man, Restaurant Setting, Consultant Female Lead, Musician Male Lead, Translator Female Lead, Journalist Female Lead, Age Gap [Drama Life], Age Gap [Real Life], Bell's Palsy, Positive Female Lead ","Broadcast journalist Shin Young is 34, and wants to find love, but it's hard to stay positive when she's faced with high workplace pressure and a string of failed relationships. Just when it seems like her chances may have passed, she meets a musician ten years her junior, and her former fiance comes back to rekindle the flame. Korean-English translator Da Jung desperately wants to get married within a year. She won't settle for anything less than the perfect man. Restaurant consultant Bu Ki is done with the marriage game. She broke off her engagement, studied overseas, and is satisfied on her own terms as an efficient, sophisticated woman.",7.4,3843,16,"['Park Jin Hee', 'Uhm Ji Won', 'Wang Bit Na', 'Kim Bum', 'Choi Chul Ho', 'Lee Pil Mo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Kim Min Shik,Kim In Young
1149,Reflection of You,https://mydramalist.com/76617-nobody-loved,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Drama,  Melodrama","Unhealthy Mains' Relationship, Female Rivalry, Revenge, Suspense, Writer Female Lead, Painter Female Lead, Teacher Female Lead, Unreliable Narrator, Adapted From  Short Story, Painting ","The story of love, betrayal, corruption, and revenge that takes place within the life of a woman who briefly leaves behind her picture-perfect lifestyle to give in to her desires, and another woman who meets her during this period and loses the light of her life.Jung Hee Joo had a tough time during her youthful days, but she is now a successful painter and essayist. Her husband, Ahn Hyun Sung, is the successor of a hospital, and together have two children. Her family life seems enviable, but Hee Joo feels like she spends her time meaninglessly, and at that time, she meets Gu Hae Won. She is a poor art teacher, much like Hee Joo in her younger days, but she is still shines and is full of life.(Source: MyDramaList)~~ Adapted from the short story ""Someone Who Looks Like You"" (너를 닮은 사람) by Jung So Hyeon (정소현).",7.4,1787,16,"['Go Hyun Jung', 'Shin Hyun Bin', 'Kim Jae Young', 'Choi Won Young', 'Kim Bo Yun', 'Shin Dong Wook']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"jTBC,  Netflix",Im Hyun Wook,Yoo Bo Ra
1150,Babysitter,https://mydramalist.com/16789-babysitter,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Drama","Older Man/Younger Woman, Miniseries, Infidelity, Babysitting, Investigation, Suspense ","An attractive babysitter, who graduated from a prestigious university, begins to work as a babysitter for 3 children from a wealthy couple. The attractive babysitter begins to change.",7.4,417,4,"['Cho Yeo Jung', 'Kim Min Joon', 'Shin Yoon Joo', 'Lee Seung Joon', 'Kil Hae Yeon', 'Lee Won Jong']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Kim Yong Soo,Choi Hyo Bi
1151,Gloria,https://mydramalist.com/348-gloria,"Music,  Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Hardworking Female Lead, Soap Opera, Rich Woman/Poor Man, Multiple Couples, Rich Man/Poor Woman ","Gloria is an intense tale of people who are fiercely devoted to surviving their rough lives, focusing in particular on the life of a nightclub singer, Na Jin Jin, who braves the difficulties of her work to provide for her mentally handicapped older sister, Jin Joo. She finds an unwavering source of strength and support from her loyal childhood friend, Ha Dong Ah, a third-rate gangster with a big heart. Jin Jin also meets a potential love interest in Lee Kang Suk, the president of Double Sharp Entertainment, who has his own problems to face as the illegitimate son of an entrepreneur.",7.4,622,50,"['Bae Doo Na', 'So Yi Hyun', 'Seo Ji Suk', 'Lee Chun Hee', 'Lee Jong Won', 'Oh Hyun Kyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Kim Min Shik,  Kim Kyung Hee",Jung Ji Woo
1152,Between Friendship and Love,https://mydramalist.com/25852-between-friendship-and-love,"Comedy,  Romance","Workplace Setting, Short Length Series, Workplace Romance, Miniseries, Web Series ","Composed of 8 episodes that are each about 6 minutes long, the drama tells interesting stories of a couple in an office-dating relationship. Even though each clip is short, the web drama as a whole offers various sides of office dating, such as heart-throbbing moments before the relationship blooms and little misunderstanding and difficulties arise in a relationship.",7.4,866,8,"['Seo Jae Woo', 'Baek Soo Hee', 'Jo Hye Won']",Not Yet Rated,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Han Soo Ji,Unknown
1153,The Queen of Office,https://mydramalist.com/6342-the-queen-of-office,"Business,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Contract Employee Female Lead, MDL Remake, Workplace Setting, Office Setting, Office Worker Female Lead, Arrogant Male Lead, Food Industry, Workplace Romance, Hardworking Female Lead, Impulsive Male Lead ","This drama is about miss Kim, a big shot contract worker that is so charismatic not even a high-level executive can make her budge. She will be at odds with the elite Jang Kyu Jik.",7.4,813,16,"['Oh Ji Ho', 'Kim Hye Soo', 'Jung Yu Mi', 'Jo Kwon', 'Lee Hee Joon', 'Jeon Hye Bin']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,KBS2,"Jun Chang Geun,  No Sang Hoon",Yoon Nan Joong
1154,Jungle Fish 2,https://mydramalist.com/1428-jungle-fish-2,"Mystery,  Life,  Youth,  Drama","Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, Miniseries, High School, Investigation, Friendship ","A beautiful high school student, who is the top student of her class, mysteriously dies. Six of her friends who graduated from the same elementary school attempts to track down the reasons for her death by communicating in real time. While the six friends dig for the truth behind her death, they face difficulties in their studies, dropping out of school, bullying and boyfriend troubles.",7.4,1239,8,"['Hong Jong Hyun', 'Park Ji Yeon', 'Lee Joon', 'Han Ji Woo', 'Shin So Yool', 'Kim Bo Ra']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,KBS2,Min Doo Shik,Seo Jae Won
1155,The Equator Man,https://mydramalist.com/3569-the-equator-man,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Blindness, Childhood Friends' Relationship, Revenge, Double Identity, Character Development, Family, Friendship ","Jang Il, the smartest of the school, and Seon Wu, the strongest kid in Yeosu, are best friends. Influenced by Jang Il, Seon Wu starts studying and working hard towards his dream. However, all of a sudden, Seon Wu's guardian, Kyung Pil, dies a mysterious death and Seon Wu becomes blind while investigating on the case. Su Mi witnesses the scene that Jang Il attacks Seon Wu but remains silent on it and waits for the right moment. Ji Won, who is a volunteer reader for visually impaired people, meets Seon Wu by chance and they fall in love. Despite his strong feelings for Ji Won, however, Seon Wu breaks up with Ji Won so she can have a better life. 13 years have passed. Jang Il becomes a special prosecutor. Seon Wu becomes a young CEO of Royal Tree, an investment trust company. Ji Won works as a VIP party planner at a five-star hotel. And Sumi becomes a hyper-realism painter. They all have gone their separate ways. However, the fate draws them back together.",7.4,1214,20,"['Uhm Tae Woong', 'Lee Bo Young', 'Lee Joon Hyuk', 'Im Jung Eun', 'Park Hyo Jun', 'Kyung Soo Jin']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,"Kim Yong Soo,  Han Sang Woo",Kim In Young
1156,Biscuit Teacher and Star Candy,https://mydramalist.com/239-biscuit-teacher-and-star-candy,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Student-Teacher Relationship, Older Woman/Younger Man, Forbidden Love, High School, Love Triangle, Male Chases Female First, Poetic Narration, Violent Father, Immature Male Lead, Fight ","Na Bori is a 25-year-old woman who desperately wants to be a teacher at the high school she was kicked out of due misunderstanding with her teachers over injuring a group of male classmates. After getting her GED, she rejects job offers from other high schools and works on becoming a teacher at her old high school so she could work side by side with her high school love interest, the art teacher Ji Hyun Woo. However, the only thing that enables her to get the coveted job is by signing a contract to essentially babysit Park Tae In, a troublemaker student who attends the same high school. Tae In, a lonely youth, quickly becomes the ""jjang"", or ""king"" of the high school, and enjoys playing mean tricks on Bori whose easygoing personality attracts the attention of majority of her students. Noh Jemma is jealous of the relationship between Bori and Tae In, and goes out of her way to get Bori kicked out but she's not the only one against them.",7.4,3978,16,"['Gong Yoo', 'Gong Hyo Jin', 'Kim Da Hyun', 'Choi Yeo Jin', 'Yang Geum Suk', 'Oh Yoon Ah']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Kim Hyung Shik,  Oh Jong Rok","Park Kye Ok,  Kim Jung Ah"
1157,Feast of the Gods,https://mydramalist.com/3351-feast-of-the-gods,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama",Food ,"Set within the backdrop of a traditional royal cuisine restaurant named Arirang, two women grow as chefs through competitions with each other.",7.4,1190,32,"['Sung Yoo Ri', 'Joo Sang Wook', 'Seo Hyun Jin', 'Lee Sang Woo', 'Sean Richard', 'Jung Min Ah']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Lee Dong Yoon,Jo Eun Jung
1158,Andante,https://mydramalist.com/22148-andante,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth,  Melodrama","Terminal Illness, Transfer Student Male Lead, Student Supporting Character, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Countryside Setting, Teenager Supporting Character, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead ","City-bred high school student Lee Shi Kyung transfers to a school in the countryside. As he overcomes unfamiliar and terrifying experiences, he realizes the true meaning of life and love.(Source: KBS World)",7.4,3306,16,"['Kai', 'Lee Ye Hyun', 'Kim Jin Kyung', 'Baek Chul Min', 'Jeon Mi Seon', 'Sung Byung Sook']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS1,Park Gi Ho,"Park Sun Ja,  Kwon Ki Kyung"
1159,Which Star Are You From?,https://mydramalist.com/1017-which-star-are-you-from,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","Bickering Mains' Relationship, Identical Twin Female Lead, Bad Tempered Male Lead, Countryside Female Lead, Famous Lead/Common Lead, Car Accident, Long Lost Child, Eccentric Female Lead, Forbidden Love, Rich Female Lead ","Seung Hee, after losing his girlfriend in a tragic accident, left for 3 years. When he came back, he sought to make a film in a rural area. Someone caught his eye - Bok Shil, who looks exactly like his deceased girlfriend, Hye Soo. Seung Hee followed Bok Shil in order to get some answers and ended up falling for her. Still the questions remain, is he attracted to Bok Shil because of the memories of his ex-girlfriend, or does he like Bok Shil for who she is? What happens when competitors come into the picture and families opposing their love?",7.4,1380,16,"['Kim Rae Won', 'Jung Ryeo Won', 'Park Shi Hoo', 'Kim Ha Kyun', 'Song Jae Ho', 'Lee Bo Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Pyo Min Soo,Jung Yoo Kyung
1160,"Fly, Again",https://mydramalist.com/703111-fly-back,"Music,  Youth,  Drama","Web Series, Student Supporting Character, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Dancer Male Lead, Idol Male Lead, Teenager Supporting Character, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead ","With dreams of becoming a celebrity constantly pushing him forward, Han Yo Han decides it’s time to make the transition from a genius dancer to an all-around talented idol. To better pursue his dreams, he transfers to Hanbit Art High School. Unfortunately, things for Yo Han don’t work out so well at his new school, especially not after an unfortunate accident steals his lifelong dreams.Despite the accident, Yo Han is doing his best to search for a new way to make his dreams come true. Coincidentally, he finds himself frequently crossing paths with the members of the dance club, “Villains”. The more time he spends with the dance club, the more he begins to realize an entirely new world has opened up to him. As Yo Han begins to explore this exciting new world, he meets On Ji Min, an honor student who was born to be an idol. With her family constantly pushing her to do better and be the best, she has no idea how to do anything other than overachieving. However, things for both Ji Min and Yo Han change completely after their relationship takes an unexpected turn.With new roads open before them, Yo Han and Ji Min begin to find the courage to dream new dreams. But will they be able to pursue those dreams when everyone and everything around them seems to be trying to hold them back?(Source: Viki)",7.4,439,10,"['Hyung Won', 'Joo Se Bin', 'Park Eun Hye', 'Tony Ahn', 'Kim Ha Jun', 'Moon Jung Gi']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Daum Kakao TV,  Viki",Oh Chung Pung,Jang Kyung Rim
1161,The Running Mates,https://mydramalist.com/33887-running-investigator,"Mystery,  Law,  Drama","Law Firm Setting, Criminal Justice System, Former Prosecutor Male Lead, Workplace Setting, Prosecutor Male Lead, Investigator Female Lead, Investigator Male Lead, Tough Female Lead, Righteous Male Lead, Badass Male Lead ","""The Defender: Human Rights"" follows investigators for the Human Rights Promotion Commission. They fight for those whose human rights are violated.Han Yoon Seo works as an investigator for the Human Rights Promotion Commission. She investigates cases based only on the only facts while trying to stay impartial throughout the investigation. Because of this, she is often mistakenly thought to lack empathy. Han Yoon Seo also carries a secret and an emotional scar from her past that she cannot tell anyone.Bae Hong Tae is a former prosecutor. He was dispatched to the Human Rights Promotion Commission and began to work as an investigator for that organization. He is righteous and tends to act before thinking things through.Han Yoon Seo and Bae Hong Tae have conflicts on everything, but they work together for the people who need their help.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.4,278,14,"['Lee Yo Won', 'Choi Gwi Hwa', 'Jang Hyun Sung', 'Oh Mi Hee', 'Lee Joo Woo', 'Kim Joo Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,OCN,Kim Yong Soo,"Lee Hye In,  Baek Jung Chul"
1162,Durian's Affair,https://mydramalist.com/743051-the-fairy-durian,"Romance,  Fantasy,  Melodrama","Historical Fiction, Multiple Mains, Infidelity, Multiple Couples, Joseon Dynasty, Time Travel, Married Life, Family Relationship, Birth Secret, Family Secret ","A melodramatic fantasy in which two women from Joseon Dynasty, belonging from a noble family, become intertwined with men through time travel to the year 2023, the present.(Source: HanCinema)",7.4,442,16,"['Park Joo Mi', 'Choi Myung Gil', 'Kim Min Joon', 'Han Da Gam', 'Jeon Noh Min', 'Yoon Hae Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,TV Chosun,Shin Woo Cheol,Im Sung Han
1163,Oh! My Lady,https://mydramalist.com/57-oh-my-lady,"Comedy,  Romance","Older Woman/Younger Man, Age Gap [Drama Life], Age Gap [Real Life], Selective Mutism, Single Father Male Lead, Famous Lead/Common Lead, Entertainment Industry, Cohabitation ","A spunky 35-year-old housewife, Yoon Gae Hwa, takes on the job of manager to prickly top star Sung Min Woo in order to earn enough money to regain custody of her child from her ex-husband. Romantic hijinks and hilarity ensues when they find themselves in an awkward living situation as Min Woo pays Gae Hwa to take care of his daughter, Ye Eun.",7.4,9455,16,"['Choi Si Won', 'Chae Rim', 'Lee Hyun Woo', 'Kim Yoo Bin', 'Hong Jong Hyun', 'Heo Jun Seok']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Park Young Soo,Gu Seon Kyung
1164,Fates & Furies,https://mydramalist.com/27308-fate-and-fury,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Revenge, Conspiracy, Lying, Sismance, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Partners' Relationship, Workplace Setting, Vengeful Female Lead, Financial Scandal, Flashback To Past ","Even though Goo Hae Ra is smart and beautiful, she is in a miserable situation because of her family. Her older sister attempted suicide and her father passed away. The only way she can escape her situation is with money. She approaches Tae In Joon. He is the second son of a shoe company owner. Tae In Joon falls in love with Goo Hae Ra.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.4,1513,40,"['Joo Sang Wook', 'Lee Min Jung', 'So Yi Hyun', 'Lee Ki Woo', 'Park Soo Young', 'Go In Beom']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"SBS,  Viki",Jung Dong Yoon,"Kang Chul Woong,  Jeon Chan Ho,  Lee Je In"
1165,Romance by Romance,https://mydramalist.com/708355-romance-by-romance,Romance,"Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series, Love Triangle ","Having never been involved in a long-term relationship, Ha Yoon was hoping that her current boyfriend, Nam Tae Ryun, would be the one to change all of that. But when he announces he wants to break up with her before they even reach their 100th day, Ha Yoon refuses to accept her fate without a fight.Determined to make this relationship last, Ha Yoon suggests a month-long “break-up grace period” in which she and Tae Ryun are allowed to spend as much time apart as they want, without calling things off completely. Agreeing to her terms, Tae Ryun and Ha Yoon draw up a contract in which the terms of their grace period are clearly stated. While Tae Ryuun goes about his life, Ha Yoon somehow finds herself signing an entirely different contract with her best friend and college colleague, Kang Jin.Though certain his month away from Ha Yoon would be easy, Tae Ryun begins to have second doubts when he realizes she’s been spending time with Kang Jin. With unexpected feelings of jealousy stirring, will Tae Ryun be willing to let Ha Yoon go without a fight?(Source: Viki)",7.4,360,10,"['Cha Hun', 'Lee Eun Bi', 'Kim Jin Woo', 'Dong Hyun Bae', 'Shin So Yi']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1166,The Sound of Your Heart,https://mydramalist.com/26080-sound-of-your-heart-reboot-jerks,"Comedy,  Family,  Sitcom","Adapted From A Webtoon, Miniseries, Web Series ","Webtoonist Cho Seok is back with more anecdotes of mix-ups, unintended antics, and bathroom blunders in this reboot starring an all-new cast.~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Maeumui Sori” by Jo Suk.",7.4,1009,10,"['Sung Hoon', 'Kwon Yu Ri', 'Shim Hye Jin', 'Joo Jin Mo', 'Tae Hang Ho', 'Ji Soo Won']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"KBS2,  Naver TV Cast,  Netflix",Unknown,Park Yeon Kyung
1167,Between Friendship and Love Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/29126-between-friendship-and-love-2,"Comedy,  Romance","Short Length Series, Break Up, Steamy Kiss, Friends To Lovers, Web Series, Friendship ","The relationship between two friends who live at very distant distances, but when they are needed, they console themselves, leading to a relationship full of love and difficulties.(Source: WikiDrama)",7.4,338,12,"['Kang  Min Ah', 'Choi Won Myung', 'Kim Jae Heung', 'Seo Ji Hee']",Not Yet Rated,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Han Soo Ji,Unknown
1168,Part-Time Idol,https://mydramalist.com/25519-part-time-idol,"Music,  Comedy,  Drama","Songwriter Female Lead, Record Producer Male Lead, Dancer Male Lead, Musician Male Lead, Singer Female Lead, Singer Male Lead, Idol Female Lead, Idol Male Lead, Teamwork, Calm Male Lead ","The storyline takes place at an entertainment agency. After creating a bunch of famous idols, a producer begins to question the whole process of making a star, so he goes on a break for a few years. Once he returns to the company, he gathers some trainees left on the back burner and tries to launch a co-ed idol group. The trainees undergo some peculiar training to debut in this group.",7.4,4412,5,"['Kim Min Kyo', 'Kwon Hyun Bin', 'Hwang Seung Eon', 'Kim Hee Jung', 'Lee Su Hyun', 'Kwon Young Deuk']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Nam Tae Jin,Kwak Kyung Yoon
1169,Apgujeong Midnight Sun,https://mydramalist.com/11398-apgujeong-midnight-sun,"Romance,  Drama","Death, Orphan Female Lead, Multiple Mains, Multiple Couples, Antiheroine Female Lead, Manipulative Female Lead, Evil Mother, Soap Opera, Loneliness, Revenge ","Whether a man and a woman become lovers or enemies depends on a fateful encounter. Revolving around work life at a TV network, this story is about young people who believe in destiny.(Source: MBC)",7.4,183,149,"['Park Ha Na', 'Kang Eun Tak', 'Song Won Geun', 'Baek Ok Dam', 'Kim Min Soo', 'Hwang Jung Seo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Bae Han Chul,Im Sung Han
1170,Our First,https://mydramalist.com/704079-first-seventeen,"Music,  Romance,  Youth","Short Length Series, Multiple Mains, Miniseries, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, Innocent Female Lead, High School ","A pure, harmless, no-MSG teen drama depicting the growth process of high school cover song club friends meeting each other and finding their dreams.(Source: Naver)",7.4,174,10,"['Choi Ji Su', 'Jeong Soo Hyun', 'Kwon Tae Eun', 'Park Chae Rin', 'Nam Hye Ri']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Kim Soo Jung,Unknown
1171,Gracious Revenge,https://mydramalist.com/39631-elegant-mother-and-daughter,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Revenge, Rich Family, Smart Female Lead, Forbidden Love, Soap Opera, Multiple Mains, Mother-Daughter Relationship, Multiple Couples, Family ","A story of a woman who was raised as a tool for her mother’s revenge and her dangerous love life will be introduced.Carrie Jung lost her husband and child. She now lives only take revenge on those responsible for their deaths. Carrie Jung raises Han Yoo Jin as a tool in her revenge plan. Han Yoo Jin is a smart and beautiful woman, but she falls in love with a man who she should not love.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.4,276,103,"['Cha Ye Ryun', 'Choi Myung Gil', 'Kim Heung Soo', 'Oh Chae Yi', 'Lee Hae Woo', 'Ji Soo Won']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Uh Soo Sun,Oh Sang Hee
1172,Birth Secret,https://mydramalist.com/6712-birth-secret,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Amnesia, Child Female Lead, Genius Female Lead, Single Father Male Lead, Naive Male Lead, Orphan Female Lead, Naive Female Lead, Family Relationship, Older Man/Younger Woman, Father-Daughter Relationship ","Jung Yi Hyun is a genius, but she suffers from psychogenic amnesia and does not remember her husband and young daughter. Hong Gyung Doo is uneducated and poor, but he's a loving father to young Hae Deum, who's inherited her genius from her mother. Yi Hyun and Gyung-doo met just as both were on the brink of suicide, and they'd decided to choose life together. The drama is about Yi Hyun's journey to putting together the pieces of her lost memory with her husband's help, a man who seems completely unsuited for her.",7.4,587,18,"['Sung Yoo Ri', 'Gal So Won', 'Yoo  Joon Sang', 'Choi Soo Rin', 'Yoo Hye Ri', 'Park Eun Ji']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Kim Jong Hyeok,Kim Gyoo Wan
1173,IRIS 2,https://mydramalist.com/1796-iris-2,"Action,  Romance,  Drama","Agent Female Lead, Spy Male Lead, Hidden Past, Multiple Mains, Terrorist, Amnesia ","Set 3 years after the first season, members of the National Security Service (NSS) team, including Jung Yoo Gun, Ji Soo Yeon and other agents attempt to pull the curtain on mysterious group IRIS.Agent Yoo Gun is the leader of the NSS TF-A team. While he goes up against Baek San, Yoo Gun becomes involved in a case which changes his fate forever.",7.4,2700,20,"['Jang Hyuk', 'Lee Da Hae', 'Lee Bum Soo', 'Oh Yeon Soo', 'Im Soo Hyang', 'Jo Sung Ha']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,KBS2,"Pyo Min Soo,  Kim Tae Hoon",Jo Gyoo Won
1174,Golden Garden,https://mydramalist.com/34419-golden-garden,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Romance,  Melodrama","Detective Male Lead, Nice Female Lead, Child Abandonment, Conspiracy, Childhood Trauma, Tough Female Lead, Car Accident, Hardworking Female Lead, Tough Male Lead, Greed ","Eun Dong Joo attempts to get back her stolen life. When she was 6 years-old, she was abandoned at an orphanage. She did not remember anything except her name. Despite her difficult environment, she has grown into a woman with a positive and bright personality.Cha Pil Seung is a detective, who is good at his job. His parents died when he was young and he was then raised by his wealthy grandmother. Even though he is popular with women, he doesn't fall in love with anyone due to trauma from his parents' deaths.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.4,462,60,"['Lee Sang Woo', 'Han Ji Hye', 'Oh Ji Eun', 'Lee Tae Sung', 'Jung Young Joo', 'Jung Seo Yeon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Lee Dong Hyun,  Lee Dae Young",Park Hyun Joo
1175,The Bride of Habaek,https://mydramalist.com/19234-the-bride-of-habaek,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Fantasy","Interspecies Romance, Special Power, Steamy Kiss, Supernatural Power, Poor Female Lead, Eccentric Male Lead, Tragic Past, Arrogant Male Lead, Healing, Elemental Power ","What would you do if you had to continue a strange family legacy?Yoon So Ah is a pragmatic neuropsychiatrist who carries a tremendous financial burden to run her own practice. Her family has been tasked with serving Ha Baek, a reincarnated water god, for many generations, and So Ah is forced to do the same. Ha Baek starts to develop feelings for So Ah, but he has competition for her heart from Hoo Ye, the CEO of a resort company, who clashes with So Ah over a piece of land but then falls in love with her. Moo Ra is a goddess from the Water Kingdom who has been living on Earth for hundreds of years. Working as an actress, Moo Ra loves Ha Baek and doesn’t appreciate So Ah stealing him away from her. Meanwhile, Bi Ryum is a wind god who has always had a one-sided crush on Moo Ra despite knowing her feelings for Ha Baek.Can a relationship between a mortal female and a god have a future?(Source: Viki)~~ Adapted from the manhwa ""Bride of the Water God"" (하백의 신부) by Yoon Mi Kyung (윤미경).",7.4,38262,16,"['Shin Sae Kyeong', 'Nam Joo Hyuk', 'Im Joo Hwan', 'Krystal Jung', 'Gong Myung', 'Park Kyu Sun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Kim Byung Soo,Jung Yoon Jung
1176,The Tasty Florida,https://mydramalist.com/703033-florida-banjeom,"Romance,  Youth","Web Series, Gay Romance, LGBTQ+, Friendship, Miniseries, Instant Attraction, Restaurant Setting, Gay Male Lead, Cooking, Best Friends' Relationship ","Having just moved in, college freshman Seo Hae Won isn’t sure what to think of the guesthouse he now calls home. With Florida Banjeom, a popular Chinese restaurant, comfortably settled up on the roof, people from far and wide are always running in and out of the building. But it’s not the constant stream of guests that has Hae Won concerned; it’s the fact that the restaurant’s owner and head chef, Baek Eun Kyu, seems to have a serious problem with him. Having been recommended for a part-time job at the restaurant by Cha Ji Soo, a fellow restaurant owner, Hae Won thought he would easily fit in with the staff; but for some reason, Eun Kyu seems to instantly dislike him. Despite the fact that he can’t figure out why his boss is so bothered by him, Hae Won finds himself fitting in nicely with his fellow staff members, Ha Jin and Joo Seo Hyuk. It isn’t long before he’s drawing as much attention from the restaurant patrons as his equally handsome co-workers. With such a good-looking staff, there’s never a shortage of admirers at the Florida Banjeom. It comes as no surprise to Hae Won that almost everyone who visits the restaurant eventually falls for the devastatingly handsome Eun Kyu. What does surprise him is when he realizes that he himself has fallen. But will he ever be able to win the heart of his cold-hearted boss? (Source: Viki)",7.4,9920,8,"['Cha Woo Min', 'Yoo Hwan', 'Moon Kang Hyuk', 'Zeze', 'Yoo Seung Jun', 'Yoon Ye Hee']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Unknown,"Yang Kyung Hee,  Yang Kyeong Hui",Unknown
1177,Finland Papa,https://mydramalist.com/739463-finnish-papa,"Romance,  Life,  Drama","Café Setting, Found Family, Healing, Barista Female Lead, Café Owner Male Lead, Gambler Supporting Character, Part-time Worker Female Lead, Absent Mother, Childhood To Working Life, Abandonment Issues ","Lee Yu Ri is a young woman recently rocked by the death of her grandmother, her most beloved family member. Heartbroken, she decides to try to make a new start by finding a job and interviews at a café named Finland Papa operated by a mysterious figure known only as “Papa.” When she arrives, the staff members give her a meal and eat with her. She proceeds to do so — only to discover that eating was actually her “interview!”Lee Yu Ri lands the job, but is soon flummoxed to learn that the other staff members, like her, have no idea who Papa is. She also comes to learn that the staff members must take on “family names” and must always dine together to maintain “family harmony.” This rule echoes sage words her grandmother once told her. It also reminds her of her closest friend and first love Baek Woo Hyun. When they were younger, Baek Woo Hyun would never let Lee Yu Ri eat alone and always did his best to raise her spirits. Their parting was sad. Could working at Finland Papa somehow lead to their reconciliation?(Source: Viki)",7.4,483,6,"['Kim Bo Ra', 'Kim Woo Seok', 'Hwang Seok Jung', 'Jung Min Sung', 'Jang Do Yoon', 'Sung Byung Sook']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1178,Creating Destiny,https://mydramalist.com/199-creating-destiny,"Romance,  Family","Doctor Male Lead, Calm Female Lead, Ex-girlfriend Comes Back, Arranged Marriage, Filmed Abroad, Love Triangle ","Han Sang Eun emigrated to Australia with her family at a young age. Years later, she has completed her law studies in the United States and plans to marry her American boyfriend. Her dad, however, is strongly opposed to their union and has set his heart on her marrying Kim Yeo Joon, the son of his best friend. Sang Eun finds herself exiled to Korea, where she reluctantly teams up with the equally uninterested Yeo Joon to devise a plan that will allow them to avoid their impending marriage.- Dramawiki",7.4,3352,31,"['Eugene', 'Ki Tae Young', 'Kim Jung Nan', 'Byun Woo Min', 'Jung Suk Won', 'Ryu Sang Wook']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Lee Sung Joon,Hyun Go Woon
1179,The Moment the Heart Shines,https://mydramalist.com/702613-the-moment-of-shining-heart,"Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Popular Male Lead, High School, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, Innocent Female Lead, Social Media, Character Development ",Depicts the story of teens in current era of digital and will show a heart-fluttering high school romance.(Source: Naver),7.4,615,13,"['Choi Ji Su', 'Oh Jae Woong', 'Jung Su Bin', 'Shin So Hyun', 'Bae Yu Jin', 'Kim Ah Young']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,EBS,Unknown,Unknown
1180,Little Mom Scandal Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/3948-little-mom-scandal-2,"Comedy,  Life,  Drama,  Family","Teenager Female Lead, Miniseries, Teenage Pregnancy, Marriage ","After she becomes a teen mom, she must face the everyday realities of being a wife, and mother and still try to live her young life.",7.4,360,8,"['Hwang Jung Eum', 'Im Sung Eon', 'Oh Yi Na', 'Sun Woo Jae Duk', 'Lee Seol Ah', 'Heo Jung Min']",Not Yet Rated,CGV,Unknown,Unknown
1181,Mokkoji Kitchen,https://mydramalist.com/710059-little-kitchen,"Food,  Romance","Web Series, Miniseries, Student Female Lead, School Setting, Restaurant Setting, Neighbors' Relationship, Foodie Female Lead, Chef Male Lead, Young Adult Female Lead, Age Gap [Real Life] ","A sweet and salty love recipe drama that revolves around chef Moo Young, who runs a one-person fusion Korean restaurant, and college student Ro In, who knows all the delicious restaurants. The two fatefully become intertwined in each other’s lives and end up sharing food to fill their hearts.(Source: Naver)",7.4,528,9,"['Gongchan', 'Nam Kyu Hee', 'Jeong Soo Hyun', 'Choi So Yoon', 'Min Ha Ram', 'Ma Hyun Ji']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1182,Luv Pub,https://mydramalist.com/28091-luv-pub,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life","Multiple Mains, Miniseries, Web Series, Multiple Couples, Part-time Worker Female Lead, Part-time Worker Male Lead, Short Length Series ","After airing the pilot series (2 episodes) in 2017, Luv Pub is back ! When you are in your 20's, where can you first learn about the real world ? Not in an office but at your part-time job! The webdrama deals with lives, relationships and dreams of part-timers working in 'Luv Pub'.",7.4,771,10,"['Park In Hoo', 'Kim Bo Ra', 'Cha Bo Sung', 'Hong Bi Ra', 'Han Se Jin', 'Lee Seung Hyub']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Unknown,Unknown
1183,21st Century Family,https://mydramalist.com/4090-21st-century-family,"Comedy,  Romance,  Family,  Sitcom","Former Celebrity Male Lead, Married Female Lead, Married Male Lead, Age Gap [Drama Life], Age Gap [Real Life], Miniseries ","Here comes the story of a heart-warming and down-to-earth modern family! Duk Hwa, a former celebrity who married a hot wife who is 20 years younger than him. Keum Pyo, a first-born daughter in her second marriage after a failure of her first. Eun Pyo, a second daughter who's down-to-earth and born to love a man. Dong Pyo, a bigmouth phony-baloney living his restless youth. These outrageous members reveal their stories as their family feud unfolds.",7.4,199,8,"['Lee Deok Hwa', 'Oh Yoon Ah', 'Lee Mi Do', 'Kim Soo Jin', 'Oh Seung Hyun', 'Lee Hoon']",Not Yet Rated,tvN,Lee Min Chul,Unknown
1184,Red Balloon,https://mydramalist.com/734619-red-balloon,"Comedy,  Life,  Drama","Dermatologist Male Lead, Family ","A story of four people attempting to quench their desires and appease their heartbreaks.Jo Eun Gang wants to become a school teacher, but she has failed to pass her teaching examination. She now works as a private tutor. She appears calm, but she holds something hot within her heart. She is a person who will do anything to get what she wants.Ji Nam Cheol comes from a poor family, but he is married to a woman from a rich family. He runs a business that is actually owned by his father-in-law. Ji Nam Cheol is powerless at the company.Han Ba Da is a married woman. She works as a jewelry designer. Right before her wedding, her parents went bankrupt. She was about to give up on her wedding, but her fiance persuaded her to marry him. Her life is not easy due to her mother-in-law.Go Cha Won works as a dermatologist. He became a doctor as his parents expected and is married to Han Ba Da. He doesn't like his job and he knows his wife is having a hard time due to his mother, but he doesn't know what to do. His brother-in-law is Ji Nam Cheol.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.4,715,20,"['Seo Ji Hye', 'Hong Soo Hyun', 'Lee Sang Woo', 'Lee Sung Jae', 'Jung Yoo Min', 'Lee Bo Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,TV Chosun,Jin Hyung Wook,Moon Young Nam
1185,300 Year-Old Class of 2020,https://mydramalist.com/680351-three-hundred-years-old-20-students,"Historical,  Comedy,  Fantasy","Miniseries, Web Series, Short Length Series, Scholar Male Lead, Naive Male Lead, Time Travel, Friendship, Best Friends' Relationship, Ignorant Male Lead, Slight Romance ","The series is a fantasy comic web drama that tells a story of three students, who were studying in Seowon during the Joseon period accidently time travel and arrive at present-day Seowon in 2020.(Source: Korea Cultural Heritage Administration)",7.4,311,6,"['Choi Ji Su', 'Steve Noh', 'Han Se Jin', 'Ko Jae Hyun', 'Julien Kang']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Daum Kakao TV,  Naver TV Cast",Unknown,Hwang Da Seul
1186,The New Employee,https://mydramalist.com/723389-the-new-employee,"Business,  Romance","LGBTQ+, Workplace Romance, Advertising Agency Setting, Advertising, Office Setting, Gay Male Lead, Gay Romance, Miniseries, Workplace Setting, Adapted From A Web Novel ","Seung Hyun is a virgin guy in his late twenties. A late bloomer, he finally manages to score the internship of his dreams. On his first day at work, he runs into the handsome yet cold Kim Jong Chan. Who is he? Just Seung Hyun's new boss! Will the two be able to keep their hands off each other at work?(Source: BL Series News Instagram)~~ Adapted from the web novel ""The New Employee"" (신입사원) by Moscareto (모스카레토).",7.4,8230,7,"['Kwon Hyuk', 'Moon Ji Yong', 'Choi Si Hun', 'Baek Ji Hye', 'Kim Tae Young', 'Nam Kyu Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Kim Jho Kwang Soo,Unknown
1187,The Secret Message,https://mydramalist.com/13724-the-secret-message,"Romance,  Drama","Short Length Series, Web Series, Stage Actress Female Lead, Bilingual Male Lead, Director Male Lead, Language Barrier, Intercountry Romance, Long Distance Relationship, Crossover ","Woo Hyun is a Korean man and Haruka a Japanese woman. They live different lives, but they both carry emotional scars from their first love. While looking for answers and hope, their fateful encounter will change their lives.It started from one message …Haruka, a stage actress in Seoul, has been in a slump ever since she broke up with her first love. She cannot forget him and keeps sending messages that go unread on LINE. Despite her emotional hurt, Haruka wants to believe in love. In Tokyo, Woo Hyun, an aspiring movie director, keeps on doing interviews concerning “love”. After being deeply hurt by his girlfriend who thought about getting married, he no longer believes in love. Haruka and Woo Hyun have both grown timid of love. The two of them, who live apart in Tokyo and Seoul, have a chance encounter because of a LINE message delivered to Woo Hyun’s smart phone from Haruka. They exchange messages without knowing each other’s faces, and are drawn to each other before they realise it.(Source: MyDramaList)",7.4,2440,18,"['Ueno Juri', 'T.O.P', 'Yoo In Na', 'Lee Jae Yoon', 'Shin  Won Ho', 'Kim Do Hyun']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
1188,Tofu Personified,https://mydramalist.com/29465-tofu-personified,"Comedy,  Romance,  Fantasy","Short Length Series, Dog, Miniseries, Transformation, Cohabitation, Web Series, Love Triangle, Animal, Friendship ","A love story between the three main characters. Tofu used to be the dog of Baek Min Kyung, but he turned into an attractive human. He starts to search for a human to protect his master.(Source: kpopmap)",7.4,449,8,"['Kim Jin Kyung', 'Park Ji Bin', 'Ken', 'Song Hae Na', 'Kim Kyung Hwan', 'Kim Sang Gyun']",G - All Ages,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1189,Sweet Stranger and Me,https://mydramalist.com/18978-sweet-stranger-and-me,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","Strong Male Lead, Nice Male Lead, Nice Female Lead, Gang, Cheating, Housemates' Relationship, Restaurant Setting, Flight Attendant Female Lead, Businessman Male Lead, Chef Male Lead ","Hong Na Ri is a proud flight attendant who suffers a series of misfortunes after her mother passes away and then she discovers that her longtime fiancee, Jo Dong Jin, is cheating on her with fellow flight attendant Do Yeo Joo. To get her mind off her troubles, Na Ri returns to her mother’s home, only to find a handsome young man, Go Nan Gil, living in Na Ri’s mother’s house and running her mother’s dumpling restaurant. Incredulously, Nan Gil tells Na Ri that he is her father, having married Na Ri’s mother before she passed away! Meanwhile, Kwon Duk Bong is a wealthy businessman who wants to help Na Ri reclaim her mother’s property so that he can develop the land. Can he help Na Ri prove that Nan Gil is a lying swindler?(Source: Viki)~~ Adapted from the webtoon “Woorijibe Saneun Namja” by Yoo Hyun Sook.",7.4,7328,16,"['Park Soo Ae', 'Kim Young Kwang', 'Lee Soo Hyuk', 'Jo Bo Ah', 'Kim Ji Hoon', 'Jung Kyung Soon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Kim Jung Min,Kim Eun Jung
1190,Love (ft. Marriage and Divorce) Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/688007-marriage-lyrics-for-divorce-music-2,"Romance,  Life,  Drama","Married Life, Conflict, Hardworking Female Lead, Rich Female Lead, Family Relationship, Multiple Mains, Smart Male Lead, Infidelity, Strong Female Lead, Revenge ",Everything continues to unravel for the radio show professionals. Their devolving marriages must now contend with the revelation of the identities of their husbands’ paramours. (Source: Netflix),7.4,1867,16,"['Sung Hoon', 'Lee Ga Ryeong', 'Lee Tae Gon', 'Park Joo Mi', 'Jeon Soo Kyung', 'Jeon Noh Min']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Netflix,  TV Chosun",Yoo Jung Joon,Im Sung Han
1191,Foolish Mom,https://mydramalist.com/3693-foolish-mom,"Comedy,  Drama,  Family,  Melodrama",Unknown,"Kim Yeong Ju is the brilliant editor of fashion magazine ESTILLO, but her personal life is not as cheerful as people think. Her husband, law professor Park Jeong Do, cheats on her with another woman, so Yeong Ju lives only for her daughter Park Dat Byeol. All this while hiding a terrible secret from her family and co-workers, although her siblings are aware of it.",7.4,246,20,"['Shin Hyun Joon', 'Ha Hee Ra', 'Kim Hyun Joo', 'Jo Duk Hyun', 'Lee Joo Shil', 'Chun Jae Ho']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Lee Dong Hun,Park Kye Ok
1192,Unknown Woman,https://mydramalist.com/22895-unknown-woman,"Drama,  Family,  Melodrama","Smart Female Lead, Soap Opera, Strong Female Lead, Revenge ","A story of maternal love. There are two mothers who have a strong bond with their child. Hong Jiwon holds hands with the devil to save her son. She gives away her body and soul to him, her life and her money. And, because of her great affection towards her child, she finds herself in conflict with Son Yeori who is also a mother. Under the name of a mother, the two women know how to show mother's instinctive love.(Source: KBS World)",7.4,358,102,"['Oh Ji Eun', 'Seo Ji Suk', 'Park  Yoon Jae', 'Choi Yoon So', 'Bae Jong Ok', 'Park Joon Hyuk']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Kim Myung Wook,Moon Eun Ah
1193,Queen of Masks,https://mydramalist.com/743247-queen-of-the-mask,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Drama,  Melodrama","Best Friends' Relationship, Female Centered Plot, Betrayed By A Friend, Lawyer Female Lead, Evil Female Lead, Fight For Justice, Hardworking Female Lead, Smart Female Lead, Rich Female Lead, Death ","Do Jae Yi is a human rights lawyer who has built up a large following on social media. She has a reputation for defending the vulnerable and victims of sexual crime. Ten years ago, she was the victim of a terrible, haunting crime. Now, she has become a veritable “queen of masks.” To most of the world, she is a paragon of justice. But behind closed doors, she is exploiting a corrupt politician. And she is secretly helping the current mayor to get out of messy situations – as part of her own plan to become the next mayor.Do Jae Yi is friends with two powerful women. The first is Joo Yoo Jung, the director of an influential arts foundation. The second is the hard-working and ambitious Yoon Hae Mi, who worked her way up from the bottom at a prestigious hotel to the position of Vice President. The three women’s former friend, Go Yoo Na feels she was betrayed by the rest of the women. She moved to the USA in a bid to start her life again. But when she returns to South Korea in search of her missing daughter, her path crosses with those of her former friends. Could revenge be in the cards when they reunite?(Source: Viki)",7.4,238,16,"['Kim Sun Ah', 'Oh Yoon Ah', 'Shin Eun Jung', 'Yoo  Sun', 'Oh Ji Ho', 'Lee Jung Jin']",Not Yet Rated,Channel A,Kang Ho Jun,Im Do Wan
1194,Ordinary but Special,https://mydramalist.com/59565-normal-but-special,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Student Supporting Character, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Best Friends' Relationship, Teenager Supporting Character, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, Short Length Series, Miniseries ",A web drama about an ordinary high school club that takes a class trip to the sea where the series then focuses on the relationships and happenings between the classmates.(Source: whatthekpop.com),7.4,578,6,"['Hwang Jung Ha', 'Kim Bum Su', 'Jeong Ye Seo', 'HoYa', 'Yoon Sang Young', 'Kwon Min Ji']",Not Yet Rated,vLive,Han Da Weon,Unknown
1195,Meloholic,https://mydramalist.com/23887-meloholic,"Mystery,  Psychological,  Romance,  Supernatural","Dissociative Identity Disorder, Adapted From A Webtoon, Telepathy, Steamy Kiss, School Setting, Mental Illness, University, Psychology, Miniseries, Student ","Yoo Eun Ho has a special ability which allows him to read the minds of other people when he places his hand on them. Due to his special ability, he can't open his mind to anyone. One day, he meets Han Ye Ri. He is able to discern that what she says is actually what she thinks, but he also learns that she has two different personalities.(Source: IMDb)",7.4,5447,10,"['U-Know', 'Kyung Soo Jin', 'Choi Dae Chul', 'Ahn Sol Bin', 'Han Joo Wan', 'Kim Min Gue']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"OCN,  Oksusu,  Viki",Song Hyun Wook,Park So Young
1196,Imaginary Cat,https://mydramalist.com/15755-imaginary-cat,"Life,  Supernatural","Cat, Miniseries, Animal, Adapted From A Webtoon, Writer Male Lead, Part-time Worker Male Lead, Talking Animal, Clingy Female Lead, Friendship ","Hyun Jong Hyun is a webtoon writer and works part-time at a bookstore. He always dreamed of working as a webtoon writer, but he has difficulties due to his stubborn and self-centered personality. He also has a cat named Boggil. He first met his cat on the street on a rainy day. Since then, they have lived together, and Hyun Jong Hyun only opens his mind to Boggil.~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Imaginary Cat"" (상상고양이).",7.4,4085,8,"['Yoo Seung Ho', 'Han Ye Ri', 'Cho Hye Jung', 'Solar', 'Park Chul Min', 'Kim Hyun Joon']",Not Yet Rated,MBC every1,Lee Hyun Joo,Kim Sun Young
1197,Dr. Gang,https://mydramalist.com/2313-dr.-gang,"Action,  Thriller,  Romance,  Medical","Secret Crush, Awkward Male Lead, Eccentric Male Lead, Strong Female Lead, Nice Male Lead, Mother-Son Relationship, Male Chases Female First, Gangster Male Lead, Introverted Male Lead, Smart Female Lead ","Kang Dal Go, a mid-level member of a Busan gang, gets kicked out of the gang after being investigated by the police and is forced to flee for his life. Hiding out in Seoul, he gets himself hired as a doctor at a nearby hospital, where he quickly clashes with Kim Yoo Na, a dedicated and outspoken doctor who criticizes his incompetence and lack of care. Gradually, however, the former gang member and the beautiful physician begin to fall in love in the midst of their clashes, to the dismay of prosecutor Suk Hee Jung who is also pursuing Yoo Na.",7.4,204,16,"['Yang Dong Geun', 'Han Ga In', 'Lee Jong Hyuk', 'Kim Hye Ok', 'Kim Jeong Tae', 'Park Shi Eun']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Park Sung Soo,Kim Gyoo Wan
1198,Big Thing,https://mydramalist.com/201-dae-mul,"Romance,  Life,  Drama,  Political",Adapted From A Manhwa ,"Seo Hye Rim is a hot-tempered news announcer who was fired by the broadcasting company, but is later elected to the National Assembly and became the first female president of Korea. She faces political pressure and potential impeachment from Kang Tae San and his followers, but survives with the aid of the prosecutor Ha Do Ya.(Source: IMDb)~~ Adapted from the manhwa ""Daemul"" (대물) by Park In Kwon (박인권).",7.4,623,24,"['Go Hyun Jung', 'Kwon Sang Woo', 'Cha In Pyo', 'Lee Soo Kyung', 'Lee Moon Soo', 'Park Geun Hyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Kim Chul Gyu,  Jo Hyun Taek,  Oh Jong Rok","Hwang Eun Kyung,  Yoo Dong Yoon"
1199,Touching You,https://mydramalist.com/19204-touching-you,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth,  Supernatural","Precognition, Male Lead Saves Female Lead, Web Series, Short Length Series, Fate, Damsel In Distress, Clairvoyant Male Lead, Clairvoyance, Nice Female Lead ","Do Jin Woo has a special ability: every time he touches someone, he can see into their future. One day, he meets and falls in love with aspiring makeup artist Jin Hee Young, who is an angel to those around her and doesn’t let the selfishness and cruelty of the world change her willingness to help people however she can. But, because he can see the future, Jin Woo knows this girl is doomed to a horrible fate. Can he use his powers to save her life, or will time prove too powerful an enemy to conquer, even for someone who knows what’s coming? (Source: HanCinema)",7.4,2663,12,"['Ok Taec Yeon', 'Song  Ha Yoon', 'Park Joo Hyung', 'Kim Do Jin', 'Im Yoon Jung', 'Gil Ha Ra']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Naver TV Cast,Park Soo Cheol,Sung Min Ji
1200,"It's Okay, Daddy's Girl",https://mydramalist.com/189-its-okay-daddys-girl,"Romance,  Life,  Drama,  Family",Multiple Mains ,"Eun Chae Ryung is a spoiled daughter who had always completely relied on her father. When he is involved in an accident one day, she finds herself rudely awakened from her sheltered life and forced to mature, encountering numerous hardships before she gradually becomes an independent person.",7.4,1919,17,"['Park In Hwan', 'Moon Chae Won', 'Choi Jin Hyuk', 'Im Kang Sung', 'Lee Hee Jin', 'Lee Dong Hae']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Ko Heung Sik,Han Joon Young
1201,The Cravings Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/16515-the-cravings-season-2,"Food,  Drama","Web Series, Foodie Female Lead, Short Length Series, Slice Of Life, Miniseries, Cooking ","Getting older does not necessarily mean getting more prosperous in life. For the single lady Je Gal Jae Yeong, dealing with love, career, friendship, and family relationship is still difficult. Moving to a new neighborhood, making friends with new weird people, getting a new job and encountering her boyfriend’s new girlfriend weren’t that easy. To make things worse, she suffers from a disease that developed newly. Let’s experience the solace of her daily warm meal that will comfort her living the tough life. She cooks with whatever may be available and feeds herself randomly.",7.4,207,10,"['Park Hee Bon', 'Lee Woo Jung', 'Yang Hyun Min', 'Baek Soo Jang', 'Lee Jung Eun', 'Park Jong Hwan']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,"Lee Woo Jung,  Yoon Sung Ho,  Yoon Se Young,  Kim In Seon",Unknown
1202,Race,https://mydramalist.com/728563-race,"Business,  Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Co-workers' Relationship, Workplace Setting, Office Setting, Senior-Junior Relationship, Public Relations, Warm Female Lead, Successful Female Lead, Hardworking Female Lead, Successful Male Lead ","Office politics take center stage for marketer Park Yoon Jo, whose lack of an academic background won’t deter her dedication to her work, and the smart and just Ryu Jae Min, who lacks any expectations towards their company.(Source: Korean = Naver || Translation = MyDramaList)",7.4,436,12,"['Lee Yun Hee', 'Hong Jong Hyun', 'Moon So Ri', 'U-Know', 'Jo Han Chul', 'Baek Ji Won']",Not Yet Rated,"Disney+,  Hulu",Lee Dong Yoon,Kim Roo Ri
1203,Alice,https://mydramalist.com/35199-hotel-alice,"Mystery,  Sci-Fi,  Fantasy,  Melodrama","Time Travel, Mother-Son Relationship, Double Identity, Alexithymia, Older Woman/Younger Man, Murder, Police Department Setting, Death Of A Mother, Death Of A Father, Detective Male Lead ","In 2050, the organization Alice was formed as a way for humans to travel into another time and parallel world. Soon, however, the ""Book of Prophecy"" was discovered, which predicted the end of travelers. In an attempt to prevent the book from falling into the wrong hands, Alice sends Yoo Min Hyuk and Yoon Tae Yi to 1992 to retrieve it from the last known keeper of the book. It was during this mission that Tae Yi realized she was pregnant with Yoo Min Hyuk's child and decided to stay to raise their child and hid from Yoo Min Hyuk by changing her name to Park Sun Young.Park Jin Gyeom, the son of Park Sun Young, is a successful detective in 2020. His path crossed with the Yoon Tae Yi of this world, a physics professor specializing in quantum and temporal mechanics, and who looks exactly like his mother. The meeting of Park Jin Gyeom and Yoon Tae Yi was the start of their journey to rediscover the Book of Prophecy and their search for answers.(Source: Snoworld at MyDramaList)",7.4,5698,16,"['Kim Hee Sun', 'Joo Won', 'Kwak Shi Yang', 'Lee Da In', 'Kim  Sang Ho', 'Hwang Seung Eon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Baek Soo Chan,Kim Kyu Won
1204,The Vineyard Man,https://mydramalist.com/409-the-vineyard-man,"Comedy,  Romance","Fashion Designer Female Lead, Spoiled Female Lead, Smart Female Lead, Smart Male Lead, Male Chases Female First, Cohabitation, Nice Male Lead, Love/Hate Relationship, Adapted From A Novel, Love Triangle ","Lee Ji Hyun, a clothing designer in Seoul, reluctantly leaves home for one year to work at her grand uncle's vineyard in a small village. However, when arriving in the country, she reunites with Jang Taek Gi, a local resident who had been wrongfully arrested in Seoul by police after Ji Hyun reported having a dress-which she had designed-had been stolen. The two clash frequently as Ji Hyun has a difficult time adjusting to life in the country and working with Taek Gi. However, after many twists and turns, Ji Hyun adapts to rustic life while falling in love with Taek Gi.(Source: DramaWiki)~~ Adapted from the novel ""The Vineyard Man"" (포도밭 그 사나이) by Kim Rang (김랑).",7.4,2372,16,"['Yoon Eun Hye', 'Oh Man Suk', 'Jo Gyu Chul', 'Sun Woo Yong Nyeo', 'Ok Go Woon', 'Bang Eun Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Park Man Young,  Kim Young Jo",Jo Myung Joo
1205,Triple Fling Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/39471-triple-fling-season-2,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth","Student Supporting Character, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Teenager Supporting Character, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, Short Length Series, Reverse-Harem, Miniseries ","It tells the story of Do Yeon, a high school girl who may seem cold but is very easy-going, and her three boy friends, who each have a different charm.(Source: Korean = NamuWiki || Translation = MyDramaList)",7.4,234,8,"['Woo Da Vi', 'Son Sang Yeon', 'Bae In Hyuk', 'Choi Woo Sung', 'Jung Bo Min', 'Shin Jeong You']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1206,Stranger Kim,https://mydramalist.com/52429-stranger-kim,"Mystery,  Comedy,  Sci-Fi","Weak Male Lead, Strong Female Lead, Web Series, Time Travel, Alien, Student Female Lead, School Setting, Young Adult Female Lead, Short Length Series, University ","When an unknown virus begins to spread across the globe, an average college student, by the name of Mina, takes it upon herself to find a way to stop it, before it destroys the world. Traveling back in time, to the place where she believes the virus first made its appearance, Mina appears directly in front of the painfully timid Kim Yo Han.Informing Yo Han that she’s here from the future to prevent a viral apocalypse, Yo Han can’t decide if the woman standing before him is telling the truth, or just trying to play some sick prank. Realizing Yo Han doesn’t believe her, Mina explains her situation further and admits that her research has led her to this exact moment for one very simple reason: As the carrier of the virus, Yo Han is the reason the world is about to end.(Source: Viki)",7.4,215,6,"['Park Sang Nam', 'Kim Young Jae', 'Jeon Hye Yeon', 'Park Geon Il', 'Kim Dong Woo']",Not Yet Rated,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Unknown,Unknown
1207,"Fight Hard, Love Harder",https://mydramalist.com/46663-fight-hard-love-harder,"Romance,  Life,  Youth,  Drama","Hardship, Short Length Series, Ex-Boyfriend Comes Back, Break Up, Second Chance Romance, Playboy Male Lead, Naive Female Lead, Miniseries, Web Series, Nice Male Lead ","Stories about a young girl, Jin Joo, who is trying to find her perfect boyfriend, but all her relationships end the same way, quarrels and partings. These several stories will be told by two persons, the girl herself and her boyfriends, and how they see the same situation in different ways. Will Jin Joo be able to sort out his relationship?",7.4,213,4,"['Lee Se Hee', 'Kim Jong Hun', 'Kang Yul', 'Jung Soo Hwan']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
1208,No Matter What,https://mydramalist.com/64539-no-matter-what-anyone-says,"Romance,  Drama,  Family","Hardship, Sisters' Relationship, Remarriage, Entertainment Industry, Orphan Male Lead, Soap Opera, Prejudice, Social Issues, One-night Stand, Rich Woman/Poor Man ","There are four young men and women who try to fiercely overcome the difficulties while fighting against the prejudices of the world. Bo Ra, a rising weather caster, Dae Ro, a passionate delivery boy and a youth creator, Ah Ri, a fearless broadcasting writer, and Jun Soo, sharp-tempered but competent CEO of a start-up. The fierce process of these four youth’s growth takes place at a beautiful flower shop. Watching Bo Ra who gives the weather forecast every dawn is Dae Ro’s only healing time during his hectic life as an orphan, delivery boy, and creator. One day, he attends a ceremony as a winner which Bo Ra hosts. It is a family drama that depicts how they form a connection and overcome difficulties with a warm gaze. (Source:  Viki)",7.4,270,120,"['Na Hye Mi', 'Choi Woong', 'Jung Min Ah', 'Jung Heon', 'Do Ji Won', 'Kim Yoo Suk']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS1,Sung Joon Hae,Go Bong Hwang
1209,Queen of Reversals,https://mydramalist.com/448-queen-of-reversals,"Business,  Comedy,  Romance,  Life","Older Woman/Younger Man, Love Triangle, Female Rivalry, Office Worker Female Lead, Heir Male Lead, Team Leader Female Lead, Male Chases Female First, Eccentric Male Lead, Strong Female Lead, Boss-Employee Relationship ","Hwang Tae Hee is the daughter of a chaebol and a team leader at her workplace. She is married to Bong Joon Soo, who works at the same company. When Bong Joon Soo's ex-girlfriend, Baek Yeo Jin, who happens to be Hwang Tae Hee's rival as well, begins to work in her team, troubles start to surface. Tae Hee has to juggle her challenges in love with those at work, helping shape her boss and department director, Goo Yong Shik, from an insensitive and uninterested second-generation chaebol to a true leader. Tae Hee's seeming success in love, however, presents her with another problem as she begins to realize that marriage involves just as many obstacles to overcome.",7.4,1045,31,"['Kim Nam Joo', 'Jung Joon Ho', 'Chae Jung An', 'Park Shi Hoo', 'Oh Yoo Na', 'Im Ji Kyu']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Jeong Dae Yun,  Kim Nam Won",Park Ji Eun
1210,Twelve Nights,https://mydramalist.com/29387-12-nights,"Romance,  Life,  Melodrama","Photographer Female Lead, Ballet Dancer Male Lead, Hardship, Chasing A Dream, Ex-Boyfriend Comes Back, Meet Again, Time Skip, Strong Male Lead, Eccentric Female Lead, Photography ","Is it just a coincidence, or is it fate?A man and a woman meet time and time again over the span of 8 years. Han Yoo Kyung is an aspiring photographer who graduated from college in New York. After a painful breakup from her boyfriend, she travels to Seoul. There, she meets Cha Hyun Oh, a man who aspires to be a dancer. He quit his job in Japan and took an impulsive trip to Korea for 4 days. After sharing some time together, they part ways.But not for long, as Yoo Kyung and Hyun Oh somehow keep encountering each other many times on three different trips and spend 12 nights together. Is there a special meaning behind each time they meet, and will all of this time spent with each other develop into more than an encounter?(Source: AJ at MyDramaList)",7.4,1350,12,"['Han Seung Yeon', 'Shin Hyun Soo', 'Jang Hyun Sung', 'Lee Ye Eun', 'Ye Soo Jung', 'Seo Eun Woo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Channel A,  Viki",Jung Hun Soo,Hwang Sook Mi
1211,Love as You Taste,https://mydramalist.com/33192-love-in-your-taste,"Food,  Romance,  Youth","Web Series, Miniseries, Student Supporting Character, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Young Adult Female Lead, Young Adult Male Lead, Sweet Male Lead, University ",Love and food - always the perfect match! A collection of love stories and heartbreaks paired with each person’s favourite food cravings as they all fall in and out of love. Vivacious university students start a club “Cooking Club for Better Taste” to tell their stories about love and relationships all while sharing their favourite food and dishes. Will they be ready for the main dish called life?(Source: Viki),7.4,384,10,"['Kang  Min Ah', 'Chani', 'Choi Min Soo', 'Jeong Seon Yul', 'Choi Ha Young', 'Tae Kyung']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Hwang Da Seul
1212,Childless Comfort,https://mydramalist.com/4818-childless-comfort,"Drama,  Family",Unknown,"It is a heart-warming love story of a large family in the beautiful countryside. So Yeong, the proud eldest daughter of Hee Jae who is the first son of Ho Shik and Keum Shil, hides the fact that she's nine-months pregnant and wants to deliver the baby. This causes a storm in the peaceful family when they find out about her situation. Meanwhile, Dae Gi, a son of Hee Myung who is the second son of Ho Shik and Keum Shil, is suffering from a conflict between his mother and wife. These days, people are spending more time with their smartphones than with their parents, children, lovers, husbands, or wives. We will be able to see how parental love—which is the greatest love of all— will be conveyed to the next generation through this drama.(Source: JTBC)",7.4,185,40,"['Uhm Ji Won', 'Yoo Dong Geun', 'Kim Hae Sook', 'Seo Woo Rim', 'Lee Soon Jae', 'Jeon Yang Ja']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,Jung Eul Young,Kim Soo Hyun
1213,Flower Boy Ramen Shop,https://mydramalist.com/2963-flower-boy-ramen-shop,"Food,  Comedy,  Romance","Love Triangle, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Clingy Male Lead, Older Woman/Younger Man, Male Chases Female First, High School, Childish Male Lead, Possessive Male Lead, Steamy Kiss, Student Supporting Character ","Yang Eun Bi is a university student preparing for her civil service exam with the dream of being a high school teacher. She accidentally encounters Cha Chi Soo, the arrogant son of the biggest food conglomerate in Korea. Cha Chi Soo fascinates women with his good looks and charm. Eun Bi is attracted to him before she finds out that he is only a high school student and thus several years younger than her. However, her student-teaching assignment finds her not only working at the high school that Cha's family owns but teaching his homeroom class. She grows to dislike him for his arrogance and lack of empathy. He, on the other hand, becomes fascinated with her because she is tough and athletic, unlike the other women he knows.(Source: DramaWiki; Wikipedia)",7.4,20427,16,"['Jung Il Woo', 'Lee Chung Ah', 'Lee Ki Woo', 'Hwang Hyun Hee', 'Jo Yoon Woo', 'Jung In Ki']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Jung Jung Hwa,Yoon Nan Joong
1214,Holy Land,https://mydramalist.com/4013-holy-land,"Action,  Sports","Introverted Male Lead, Mentor-Mentee, Slight Romance, Boxing, Miniseries, Eccentric Male Lead, Adapted From A Manga, Friendship ","A high school student, Kang Yu, doesn't fit in at school or at home and spends endless nights rebelling against society in the streets, picks up boxing and begins to learn his worth, picking up love and friendship along the way.",7.4,1276,4,"['Shin Dong Ho', 'Yoon Bong Gil', 'Joo Ah Reum', 'Hoon', 'Park Jae Hoon', 'Dong Hyun Bae']",Not Yet Rated,SUPER ACTION,Park Ki Hyung,Unknown
1215,Vivid Romance,https://mydramalist.com/21415-vivid-romance,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Fantasy","Side Effect, Human Experimentation, Break Up, Smart Male Lead, Special Power, Web Series, Makeover, Student Male Lead, Drugs, Neighbors' Relationship ","In Sung is an unemployed college grad trying to become a police officer for the last four years, and he is suddenly dumped by his girlfriend who does not give him any explanation. He then gets fired from his part-time job without any pay and gets kicked out from his tiny room after missing a rent payment. On the brink of despair, In Sung decides to take a job as a drug test volunteer for a pharmaceutical company because the pay is good. The drug is a generic version of a hit drug that had its patent recently expired. But he suffers an unpredicted side effect from the drug that gives him superhuman intelligence and strength. He is suddenly able to accomplish tasks that were nearly impossible for him to achieve before and instantly becomes an attractive man as he can win over any girl he wants…(Source: MBC)",7.3,3036,21,"['Yoon Shi Yoon', 'Jo Soo Hyang', 'Kang Ki Young', 'Jang Hee Ryung', 'Kim Min Soo', 'Woo Hyun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Naver TV Cast,Park Sang Hoon,"Park Eun Young,  Park Hee Kwon"
1216,"Please, Summer",https://mydramalist.com/77465-home-for-summer,"Music,  Romance,  Drama,  Fantasy","Summer Setting, Short Length Series, Film-within-a-film, Band, Miniseries, Web Series, Nice Male Lead, Comedy ","It is based on the concept of ""What if I could be the main character of a ruined film I made?''. It is a work about meeting people and falling in love.(Source: Naver)",7.3,170,8,"['Lee Jin Sol', 'Kim Kang Min', 'Kim Joon Kyung', 'Lee Seo Bin', 'Jung Jay', 'Jeong Si Hyun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Channel A,Unknown,Unknown
1217,The Director Who Buys Me Dinner,https://mydramalist.com/715371-the-director-who-buys-me-dinner,"Romance,  Fantasy","LGBTQ+, Boss-Employee Relationship, Reincarnation, Adapted From A Webtoon, Soulmates, Secretary Male Lead, Company President (CEO) Male Lead, Gay Male Lead, Gay Romance, Workplace Romance ","Hundreds of years ago, a child was named after god and was cursed. After 4 reincarnations he finds his love in the form of an employee of his company, a man! If they don't date, they die!""We have to date. If we don't, we die.""Dong Baek is one of the newest employees at Min Entertainment. His director, Yu Dam, is absolutely perfect in every way. Yet, Dong Baek thinks his director has lost his mind... What do you mean the director has lived three lives and because of that he wants to date? What's going on?(Source: Boylovetv on Instagram, Goodreads)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""The Director Who Buys Me Dinner"" (밥만 잘 사주는 이상한 이사님) written by Toesa (퇴사) and illustrated by Yang Eun Ji (양은지).",7.3,9145,10,"['Park Young Woon', 'Park Jeong Woo', 'Jang You Sung', 'Kim Ji Eun', 'Choi Hwan Yi']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,iQiyi,Yang Kyung Hee,Son Yi Seul
1218,Boarding House #24,https://mydramalist.com/11168-boarding-house-24,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth,  Sitcom","Birth Secret, Cohabitation, Boarding House Setting, Friendship ","Six young people with different personalities and different backgrounds move into a boarding house together. What they don't realize is that it's not mere coincidence that they're new roommates; it's all the owner's doing. A bachelor and once playboy, the owner has recently discovered that he has a child who's currently about 24 years old and was born in late summer. Curious as to who his child is, he brings these six young strangers together to find him/her.",7.3,1922,12,"['Min Do Hee', 'Ken', 'Kim Dong Jun', 'Shantokki', 'Jo Hyun Young', 'Lim Hyun Tae']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,MBC every1,Unknown,Lee Shi Eun
1219,Home for Summer,https://mydramalist.com/33799-queen-s-children,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Infidelity, Mother-Son Relationship, Father-Son Relationship, Adoption, Father-Daughter Relationship, Mother-Daughter Relationship, Eccentric Male Lead, Childhood Friends' Relationship, Orphanage Setting, Plastic Surgeon Male Lead ","Geum Hee has been married to Joon Ho for the past 10 years. She supported him while he was attempting to become a plastic surgeon. He is now a successful plastic surgeon. They are still happily married, but Joon Ho happens to meet divorcee Sang Mi. Sang Mi wants Joon Ho regardless if he is already married.Meanwhile, Sang Won is a chef and the younger brother of Sang Mi. Due to his painful memory of being dumped by the woman he loved, his personality seems to have become cold. He actually still has a warm heart.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.3,373,128,"['Lee Young Eun', 'Yoon Sun Woo', 'Kim Sa Kwon', 'Lee Chae Young', 'Na Hye Mi', 'Kim San Ho']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS1,Sung Joon Hae,Koo Ji Won
1220,Harvest Villa,https://mydramalist.com/685-harvest-villa,"Thriller,  Comedy","Suspense, Suicide, Heir Male Lead, Greed, Death, Lying ","A mysterious suicide occurs in an old villa located in the center of Seoul, soon to be demolished. A huge legacy is left to Bok Gyu, a man who is completely unaware of his inheritance. The appearance of such a large sum of money sets in motion a chain of events involving the residents, who are all connected in a web of deceit motivated by their secret desire to take the money for themselves through any means possible.",7.3,243,20,"['Shin Ha Kyun', 'Lee Bo Young', 'Kwon Byung Gil', 'Jo Mi Ryung', 'Go Soo Hee', 'Park Hyo Jun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Jo Hyun Taek,Kim Eun Hee
1221,Lovers in Paris,https://mydramalist.com/1922-lovers-in-paris,Romance,"Bickering Mains' Relationship, Older Man/Younger Woman, Calm Male Lead, Cold Man/Warm Woman, Nice Male Lead, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Rich Male Lead, Filmed Abroad, Love Triangle ","Tae Young lives in Paris and is working on a screenplay. She meets Gi Ju while working at a friend's stall and Soo Hyuk, when her bicycle breaks down. Soo Hyuk and Tae young become friends. Gi Ju asks her to act as his fiance for work reasons. Things go badly and everyone returns to Korea.Back in Korea Tae Young, Gi Ju and Soo Hyuk begin to develop friendships with Tae Young and end up feeling more feelings towards her than they initially thought. However, Gi Ju is Soo Hyuk's uncle and they had grown up like best friends since they were only about 7 years apart. Their feelings towards her slowly begin to be revealed causing heartache for all the people around them.",7.3,1770,20,"['Park Shin Yang', 'Lee Dong Gun', 'Kim Jung Eun', 'Oh Joo Eun', 'Kim Sung Won', 'Jo Eun Ji']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Shin Woo Cheol,"Kim Eun Sook,  Kang Eun Jung"
1222,Untouchable,https://mydramalist.com/24359-untouchable,"Action,  Thriller,  Mystery,  Business","Investigation, Suspense, Law, Brothers' Relationship, Apparent Death, Wrongfully Accused, Rich Family, Slight Romance, Strong Male Lead, Smart Female Lead ","Joon Seo’s life felt like hell before Min Joo came to him. She became his happiness and meaning of life, but now she is dead.Drowning in unbearable sadness, he veers towards taking his own life. At that moment, a woman comes looking for him. She claims that she is the real Min Joo Jo. Joon Seo finds out that the name, job, identity, and everything about his deceased wife were not true. She had approached Joon Seo intentionally under a fake mask and even faked her love.Joon Seo embarks on a quest to find out the truth about his wife’s identity and death. On his path, he finds out that there is a big dark secret in the form of his brother, Jang Ki Seo, and his father, Jang Bum Ho, who is the real power behind Bukcheon city. The Jang family has taken over Bukcheon, and the land is a witness to their foul history. Only one person can stop the continuous evil acts, and that is Jang Joon Seo himself, with the blood of the Jang running through his veins. They are his family. Therefore, he must punish them but forgive them at the same time. What would his decision be when that time arrives?(Source: JTBC)",7.3,879,16,"['Kim Sung Kyun', 'Jin Goo', 'Go Joon Hee', 'Jung Eun Ji', 'Bae Yoo Ram', 'Choi Jong Won']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,Jo Nam Gook,Choi Jin Won
1223,Disarming Romance,https://mydramalist.com/742105-disarming-romance,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Transfer Student Male Lead, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Defector Male Lead, North Korean Male Lead, Childhood Friends' Relationship, Classmates' Relationship, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead ","Tells the story of Kang Yoo Hyuk, a North Korean defector who transferred to Hyesung High School.(Source: gossipchimp.com)",7.3,247,3,"['Jeong Soo Hyun', 'Ji Won', 'Park Do Ha', 'Yoo Miho']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1224,Broke Rookie Star,https://mydramalist.com/716387-salty-idol,"Music,  Comedy,  Life,  Drama","Idol Male Lead, Hardship, Inner Monologue, Miniseries, Web Series, Character Development ",A growing comedy drama depicting the salty daily life of an idol who suffers from hardships despite rising to stardom.(Source: Naver),7.3,367,10,"['Rocky', 'Moon Ji Hoo', 'Lee Sang', 'Choi Sung Min', 'Anzardi Timothee', 'Park Jin Woo']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Kim Hyun Soo,Kim Seong Jin
1225,Tower of Babel,https://mydramalist.com/31284-babel,"Mystery,  Business,  Law,  Romance","Revenge, Infidelity, Domestic Violence, Actress Female Lead, Detective Supporting Character, Reporter Supporting Character, Pregnant Female Lead, Prosecutor Male Lead, Flashback To Past, Attempted Assault ","Cha Woo Hyuk is a prosecutor who started out as a newspaper reporter, whose personality is described as fiery and hot-tempered. He grew up having a comfortable life, but one day his family is shattered when his father dies in an accident whose cause is unclear, and his mother takes her own life. When he finds out that his father’s bankruptcy and death are connected to a conglomerate, he begins his mission to uncover the truth and get revenge.Cha Woo Hyuk meets married actress Han Jung Won and falls in love with her. Her husband is the son of a chaebol family. Cha Woo Hyuk then faces Han Jung Won as a prosecutor. She is suspected of the murder of her husband.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.3,765,16,"['Park Shi Hoo', 'Jang Hee Jin', 'Kim Ji Hoon', 'Jang Shin Young', 'Kim Hae Sook', 'Kim Jong Goo']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),"TV Chosun,  Viki",Yoon Sung Shik,Kwon Soon Won
1226,Login to You,https://mydramalist.com/50997-login-to-you,"Romance,  Life,  Drama","Short Length Series, Dating App, Sweet Male Lead, Miniseries, Older Woman/Younger Man, Web Series, Family ",A story about the love of men and women who reunited with the 'Login' dating app.,7.3,180,3,"['Shin Jun Seop', 'Ji Yi Soo', 'Kim Bum Jin']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
1227,Loving You a Thousand Times,https://mydramalist.com/350-loving-you-a-thousand-times,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama",Soap Opera ,"Baek Sae Hoon and his wife, Lee Sun Young, desperately try to conceive a child but are unsuccessful. Sae Hoon's mother goes to Sun Young and asks that she consider surrogacy as a way of conceiving a child without Sae Hoon's knowledge. This is where Go Eun Nim comes in. She is their surrogate mother carrying their child but things become complicated when she later falls in love with Sae Hoon's younger brother, Kang Ho.",7.3,1050,55,"['Jung Gyu Woon', 'Go Eun Mi', 'Ryu Jin', 'Lee Soo Kyung', 'Jin Ye Sol', 'Noh Young Gook']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Kim Jung Min,Kim Sa Kyung
1228,A Place in the Sun,https://mydramalist.com/34567-the-sun-s-seasons,"Business,  Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Car Accident, Tough Male Lead, Orphan Male Lead, Smart Male Lead, Birth Secret, Switched At Birth, Nice Male Lead, Unexpected Pregnancy, Jealousy, Corruption ","Kim Yoo Wol became an orphan and he was raised by foster parents. He worked extremely hard and passed his CPA exam. He enjoys happy days with his girlfriend Yoon Shi Wol, but he has a near-death experience. He changes his life and goes under the alias of Oh Tae Yang. He is dead to Yoon Shi Wol.Meanwhile, Yoon Shi Wol, who believes her boyfriend Kim Yoo Wol is dead, has a difficult time. She begins to work at the conglomerate company Yangji Group. There, she meets Oh Tae Yang.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.3,257,102,"['Oh Chang Seok', 'Yoon So Yi', 'Choi Sung Jae', 'Ha Shi Eun', 'Jung Han Yong', 'Choi Jung Woo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Kim Won Yong,Lee Eun Joo
1229,First Love Story Season 3,https://mydramalist.com/27395-first-love-story-season-3,"Romance,  Youth","Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Young Adult Female Lead, Young Adult Male Lead, University, Multiple Mains ","The 3rd season of the popular web drama First Love Story introduces new main characters who belong to the university club called [CIRCLE ODDEYE]. This college romance drama features the members of the girl group ""LOOΠΔ""",7.3,319,6,"['Kim Lip', 'Choerry', 'JinSoul', 'Park Ji Sung', 'KB', 'Rie']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1230,All My Love,https://mydramalist.com/249-all-my-love,"Comedy,  Sitcom",Family ,"The story of the relationship between two families, based on the traditional Korean Cinderella folktale about Kongji and Patji. The Kongji family is poor but kind, while the Patji family is rich but selfish.",7.3,335,210,"['Park Mi Sun', 'Yoon Seung Ah', 'Jo Kwon', 'Ga In', 'Yoon Doo Joon', 'Jung Ho Bin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Unknown,"Lee Shi Eun,  Lee So Jung,  Han Sul Hee"
1231,Bargain,https://mydramalist.com/722071-ransom,"Thriller,  Comedy,  Crime,  Drama","Graphic Violence, Hotel Setting, Dark Fiction, Survival, Suspense, Organ Harvesting, Organized Crime, Smart Female Lead, Disaster, Organ Transplantation ","No Hyung Soo visits a motel room to see Park Joo Young. He is pleased with her appearance and happy to pay for her services, but a surprise is waiting for No Hyung Soo. He is soon surrounded by people who have come to buy his organs. They bargain over the price of his organs with Park Joo Young conducting the auction, but an earthquake suddenly occurs. Within the collapsed building, they struggle to survive. (Source: AsianWiki)~~ Release dates: Oct 6, 2022 (Festival) || Oct 28, 2022 (Cinema)",7.3,741,6,"['Jin Seon Kyu', 'Jeon Jong Seo', 'Chang Ryul', 'Kang Gil Woo', 'Park Hyung Soo', 'Shin Jae Hwi']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),TVING,Jeon Woo Sung,Kwak Jae Min
1232,Becoming Witch,https://mydramalist.com/713289-the-witch-is-alive,"Mystery,  Comedy","Female Centered Plot, Married Female Lead, Housewife Female Lead, Married Life, Extramarital Affair, Rich Family, Black Comedy, Infidelity, Revenge, Investigation ","Three friends from different backgrounds each encounter enemies they’d like to kill. Gong Ma Ri is a housewife who has a satisfying life with her husband and daughter. When she discovers her spouse’s affair, she seeks an alternate method of ending her marriage.Chae Hee Soo is the daughter-in-law in a chaebol family. Her married life isn't going well. Not only must she tend to her mother-in-law who ails physically and suffers from Alzheimer's, she must also endure her husband’s cold indifference toward her as she struggles to become pregnant. One day, Hee Soo's mother-in-law makes her a terrifying yet tempting offer.Yang Jin A's husband is a bad person. Upon his death, Jin A collects a significant sum from his life insurance policy. With that money, she is able to enjoy a lifestyle she was unaccustomed to in the past.  Instead. she keeps a watchful eye over her windfall, anxiously fearing that someone will take it from her. (Source: AsianWiki || Edited by MyDramaList)",7.3,415,12,"['Lee Yoo Ri', 'Lee Min Young', 'Yoon So Yi', 'Jung Sang Hoon', 'Kim Young Jae', 'Ryu Yeon Seok']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,TV Chosun,Kim Yoon Cheol,Park Pa Ran
1233,Love to the End,https://mydramalist.com/29792-love-to-the-end,"Business,  Romance,  Family,  Melodrama","Family Relationship, Marriage, Lying, Cheerful Female Lead, Conglomerate, Fake Marriage, Deception, Father-Daughter Relationship, Ex-girlfriend Comes Back, Identity Swap ","When she was a teenager, Han Ka Young's father's company went bankrupt. As a result, her parents then divorced. Because of her difficult situation, Han Ka Young has taken care of the housework and her family since her teenage years. Nevertheless, she has a bright personality. Her father then starts a cosmetics company. She works at her father's company and takes her job seriously. Meanwhile, Han Ka Young has never had a boyfriend. One day, she meets Yoon Jung Han, the successor to a family owned glass factory. Han Ka Young falls in love with him.",7.3,213,104,"['Lee Young Ah', 'Kang Eun Tak', 'Hong Soo Ah', 'Shim Ji Ho', 'Park Kwang Hyun', 'Jung So Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Shin Chang Seok,Lee Seon Hee
1234,Master's Delicacies,https://mydramalist.com/728123-master-surasang,Romance,"YouTuber Female Lead, Chef Male Lead, Eating Disorder, Mental Illness, Miniseries, Web Series, Food ","Joo A Ran is a mukbang YouTuber, who is deeply traumatized by eating food. She meets Ahn Sul Ha, who is a chef that's passionate about food. They soon get themselves into a housekeeper and house owner relationship.(Source: kstar.kbs.co.kr)",7.3,291,6,"['Lee Soo Jung', 'Do Won', 'Jung Gu Hyun']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1235,Kill Heel,https://mydramalist.com/714109-kill-heel,"Thriller,  Drama","TV Presenter Female Lead, Female Centered Plot, Home Shopping, Family Conflict, Doppelganger, Rich Family, Female Rivalry, Jealousy, Infidelity, Death ","Set within the competitive power struggles of TV home shopping hosts, three hosts compete against each other with intense desires to achieve success and gain fame in the industry field.Woo Hyun works as the host of home shopping show. Her record as a shopping show host is neither good or bad. She aspires to become the top shopping show host, but she experiences a fall into a bottomless pit. This leads her to change.Ki Mo Lan is the vice-president of UNI Home Shopping. She started her career as a regular employee and worked her way up to her executive position. Her success story is legendary to other people. She doesn't allow mistakes and she doesn't show what she thinks, but she has charisma.Bae Ok Sun is a top host at UNI Home Shopping. She was born into a high class family. She is generous to others and she is respected by employees at her company, but what she really thinks is veiled.(Source: CJ ENM, AsianWiki)",7.3,480,14,"['Kim Ha Neul', 'Lee Hye Young', 'Kim Sung Ryung', 'Kim Jae Chul', 'Jung Eui Jae', 'Moon Ji In']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Noh Do Cheol,"Shin Kwang Ho,  Lee Choon Woo"
1236,Big Picture House,https://mydramalist.com/54883-big-picture-house,"Music,  Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Share House Setting, Housemates' Relationship, Idol Female Lead, Idol Male Lead, Short Length Series, Chasing A Dream, Past Failure, Multiple Mains, Tsundere, Web Series ","""Big Picture House” is about five people who failed to debut as idols living together in a shared house, and their stories about dreams and love. It conveys the message that failure does not equal a failed life and the belief that the time and effort used in pursuit of one dream and can be used in a different way.(Source: Soompi)",7.3,217,12,"['Kim Jae Hyun', 'Yuna', 'Lee Seung Hyub', 'Kim Doo Ri', 'Choi Jung Woo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Naver TV Cast,Hong Chung Gi,Unknown
1237,Blood,https://mydramalist.com/11350-blood-2015,"Action,  Romance,  Medical,  Supernatural","Interspecies Romance, Genetic Manipulation, Childhood Acquaintance, Smart Female Lead, Orphan Male Lead, Smart Male Lead, Superhuman Strength, Revenge, Healing Power, Drama ","Park Ji Sang is a doctor specializing in hepato-pancreato-biliary surgery in the best cancer research hospital in the country. He is also a vampire. Despite seeming cold and unfeeling, Ji Sang masks his soft heart and inner pain and yearns for closeness with people. He believes very strongly in the sanctity of human life and suppresses his thirst for blood to treat terminally ill patients and save lives.Among his colleagues is Yoo Ri Ta, a hotshot physician who entered medical school at the age of 17 and is also the niece of the chaebol group chairman who owns the hospital. Ri Ta is highly capable but snooty and prideful, yet Ji Sang finds himself falling for her. He also gets drawn into a conflict between good and evil as he encounters Lee Jae Wook, a two-faced hospital chief who gains everyone's trust with his gentle demeanor, but inwardly harbors a dangerous ambition for power and a talent for cruelty.(Source: Wikipedia)",7.3,21659,20,"['Ahn Jae Hyun', 'Gu Hye Seon', 'Ji Jin Hee', 'Jung Hae In', 'Kim Gab Soo', 'Jin Kyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Lee Jae Hoon,  Ki Min Soo",Park Jae Bum
1238,"Go, Back Diary",https://mydramalist.com/30830-go-back-diary,"Romance,  Life,  Youth,  Drama","Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Young Adult Female Lead, Young Adult Male Lead, High School To Working Life, University, Love At First Sight, Miniseries, High School ",A love story back in 2008. What will await the couple of 10 years at the end? (Source: Playlist Global),7.3,1025,4,"['Kim Ye Ji', 'Lee Jong Won', 'Ryu Eui Hyun', 'Kim Soo Hyun', 'Jin Ho Eun']",Not Yet Rated,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Unknown,Unknown
1239,Positive Physique,https://mydramalist.com/21330-positive-physique,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Miniseries, Web Series, School Setting, Actress Female Lead, Short Length Series, University, Student, Second Chance ","A story about Hwan Dong, majoring in film and is preparing for his graduation project as a movie director. His script wins a grand prize, but he faces difficulty after difficulty while trying to finalize the film. He asks his ex-girlfriend Hye Jung to play the main role in his production, who is understandably surprised at his bold request.",7.3,3992,6,"['Doh Kyung Soo', 'Chae Seo Jin', 'David Lee', 'Kim Eui Sung', 'Heo Jun Seok', 'Kim Jong Soo']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Naver TV Cast,Lee Byung Hun,Unknown
1240,The Witch Store,https://mydramalist.com/40425-the-witch-store,"Romance,  Youth,  Fantasy","High School, Magic, Web Series, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Childhood Friends' Relationship, Witch/Wizard Supporting Character, Witch Female Lead, Part-time Worker Female Lead ","Hye Ji becomes a part-timer at the Witch Store which is only seen by those who have a wish. Hye Ji sees no progress in her relationship with Yoo Ho and in front of her, a witch transformed into a high school girl named Young Ji. This is when Sung Woo a handsome judo player appears. He was neighbor of Hye Ji back in old days. Because of him, Yoo Ho started to feel unsure and lots of twist comes among the characters.(Source: Kpopmap)",7.3,691,12,"['Yeo One', 'Lee Hyun Joo', 'Jung Hyo Jun', 'Jang Hye Won', 'Ha Ji Young', 'Oh Ji Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,vLive,Unknown,Ahn Se Hwa
1241,Three Bold Siblings,https://mydramalist.com/726231-three-siblings-bravely,"Comedy,  Romance,  Family","Multiple Mains, Medical Coordinator Female Lead, Orthopedic Surgeon Male Lead, Instructor Female Lead, Actor Male Lead, Company President (CEO) Male Lead, Age Gap [Drama Life], Older Man/Younger Woman, Best Friends' Relationship, Cousins' Relationship ","Kim Tae Joo is the eldest of three siblings. She is warm-hearted and tolerant, but she also has a hot temper. She cuts off relationships with people whom she doesn’t like. One day, Kim Tae Joo meets Lee Sang Joon again after many years. They attended the same elementary school.Lee Sang Joon is a popular actor. He is sensitive, imaginative, and smart. He is also the eldest sibling in his family. Since he was a child, he has been loved by his family deeply. His family was once in debt, but, after Lee Sang Joon became successful, he paid off their debt and continues to support them financially. During filming for an acting project, Lee Sang Joon gets injured and goes to the hospital. There he meets his first love Kim Tae Joo, whom he knew when he was an elementary school student.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.3,553,51,"['Lee  Ha Na', 'Im Joo Hwan', 'Lee Tae Sung', 'Kim So Eun', 'Lee Yoo Jin', 'Kim Seung Soo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Park Man Young,Kim In Young
1242,Secret Campus,https://mydramalist.com/4138-secret-campus,"Mystery,  Romance,  Youth,  Drama","School Setting, Car Accident, Death, High School, Investigation, Friendship ","Seung Jae is a highschool student who suddenly passed away due to a traffic accident. At that time, he was dating Su Ah, a fellow student. After a year, Su Ah receives mails containing secrets surrounding Seung Jae. Turns out Seung Jae, at that time, was cheating on Su Ah and dating his friend's, Du Hyeon, sister, Eun Ho. In addition, Dong Cheol, a fellow student who aims to become a football player, quit attending his extracurricular activities after Seung Jae's death and no longer shows up at school. With the mails received, Su Ah's secrets start being revealed one by one.",7.3,287,24,"['Lee  Do Hyun', 'Sul Sung Min', 'Lee Min Ho', 'Jang Ki Beom', 'Shin Hyun Ho', 'Bae Yoo Mi']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,EBS,Unknown,Lee Hae Jung
1243,When It's At Night,https://mydramalist.com/1230-when-its-at-night,"Mystery,  Comedy,  Romance",Investigation ,Kim Bum Sang was a university arts instructor who got passed over for promotion due to lack of family connection. He specialized in examining archeological treasures and all he wanted was to make a name for himself and get ahead in this world. Heo Cho Hwi worked as a supervisor at the Cultural Theft Devision in the hope that it would help her find her father who was a treasure hunter-thief and had been missing for 7 years. The story evolves art thefts and how these two clashes in their pursuit.,7.3,1208,17,"['Kim Sun Ah', 'Lee Dong Gun', 'Lee Joo Hyun', 'Kim Jung Hwa', 'Yeo Min Joo', 'Park Ki Woong']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Song Hyung Suk,"Kim Eun Hee,  Yoon Eun Kyung"
1244,Trot Lovers,https://mydramalist.com/9850-lovers-of-music,"Music,  Comedy,  Romance","Poor Female Lead, Cohabitation, Love/Hate Relationship, Amnesia, Musician Male Lead, Singer Female Lead, Arrogant Male Lead, Famous Male Lead, Trot Music, Hardworking Female Lead ","Jang Joon Hyun is a talented and popular musician. He looks down upon the traditional trot music genre. Meanwhile, Choi Chun Hee works multiple jobs as the breadwinner to support her father and younger sister. Her mother was a trot singer and she inherited the voice, along with hopes of being a trot singer herself someday. A romantic relationship begins between these two individuals.",7.3,6445,16,"['Jung Eun Ji', 'Ji Hyun Woo', 'Shin Sung Rok', 'Lee Se Young', 'Yoo Eun Mi', 'Lee Yi Kyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Lee Jae Sang,  Lee Eun Jin",Unknown
1245,Can We Love?,https://mydramalist.com/8473-can-we-love,"Romance,  Drama,  Family","School Friends' Relationship, Nice Ex-husband, First Love Returns, Divorced Female Lead, Damsel In Distress, Evil Mother-in-Law, Multiple Mains, Teenage Pregnancy, Mother-Son Relationship, Mother-Daughter Relationship ","Jung Wan, Sun Mi, and Ji Hyun were high school classmates. It's been 20 years since graduation and as they turn 39, the three friends are leading completely different lives, although they are as close as sisters. Jung Wan was the first to get married but is now divorced, while Sun Mi chose a career over marriage and is now a successful interior designer, but is desperately lonely. Ji Hyun married a successful businessman and seems to be a good wife and mother, but feels like she is dying inside. What happens when love comes knocking on their doors once again? Jung Wan tries to throw herself into work to forget her ex but meets a new man. Sun Mi is desperate to get married before she turns 40. Ji Hyun, tired of her dull marriage, reunites with her first love who tempts her heart once more. Love has come once again to these three women in their late 30s. Can they fall in love again?(Source: JTBC)",7.3,1101,20,"['Eugene', 'Uhm Tae Woong', 'Kim Yoo Mi', 'Choi Jung Yoon', 'Kim Sung Soo', 'Park Min Woo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,Kim Yoon Cheol,Noh Ji Sul
1246,Divorce Lawyer in Love,https://mydramalist.com/12895-divorce-lawyer-in-love,"Comedy,  Law,  Romance","Independent Female Lead, Sassy Female Lead, Workplace Setting, Cold Female Lead, Workplace Romance, Enemies To Lovers ","Go Cheok Hee and So Jeong Woo once worked together at a law firm; she was a divorce lawyer, and he was her office manager. She treated him like her inferior, while he constantly irked her by pointing out her mistakes and calling her ""Chucky"" behind her back. But Cheok Hee is so ambitious, so determined to win every case for her clients, that her unethical misdeeds catch up to her, causing her license to be suspended.Meanwhile, Jeong Woo studies and gets his law degree. Years later, they end up working together again for a different law firm. But this time, the tables have turned: he's the divorce lawyer, and she's the office manager. And Jeong Woo relishes getting his petty revenge.(Source: Wikipedia)",7.3,2721,18,"['Cho Yeo Jung', 'Yeon Woo Jin', 'Shim Hyung Tak', 'Wang Ji Won', 'Lee Yeol Eum', 'Hwang Young Hee']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Park Yong Soon,Unknown
1247,Missing 9,https://mydramalist.com/15853-missing-9,"Adventure,  Mystery,  Comedy,  Drama","Survival, Strong Female Lead, Lying, Murder, Nice Male Lead, Disaster, Slight Romance, Amnesia, Melodrama, Aviation Accident ","Ra Bong Hee, the only known survivor of a plane crash that was carrying famous entertainment industry figures from the agency she works at, was found on a beach in China 4 months after the crash. Upon returning to Korea, she is put under the spotlight and the public outcries to know what happened to their beloved artists. However, Bong Hee doesn't remember anything about the crash due to memory loss. Nevertheless, she is forced to remember and re-tell the story of the other eight passengers' disappearance to silence the public's tumult.(Source: MyDramaList)",7.3,7407,16,"['Jung Kyung Ho', 'Baek Jin Hee', 'Choi  Tae Joon', 'Oh Jung Se', 'Lee Sun Bin', 'Park Chan Yeol']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Ashbun,Han Jung Hoon
1248,Gangnam Scandal,https://mydramalist.com/31940-gangnam-scandal,"Business,  Comedy,  Romance,  Melodrama","Childhood Friends' Relationship, Workplace Setting, Swindler Female Lead, Stylist Female Lead, Psychopath Supporting Character, Heir Male Lead, Fashion Industry, Brother-Sister Relationship, Grandpa-Granddaughter Relationship, Childhood Sweethearts ","Eun So Yoo works as a stylist. She struggles to make enough money to pay for her mother's operation fee. Due to a case, So Yoo gets involved with Choi Seo Joon. He is rich and from a chaebol family. So Yoo pretends to love him for his money, but she falls truly in love with him. Seo Joon has an in incurable disease. He is more interested in playing around than working and he doesn't believe in true love.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.3,403,123,"['Shin Go Eun', 'Im Yoon Ho', 'Seo Do Young', 'Hwang Bo Mi', 'Bang Eun Hee', 'Im Chae Moo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Yoon Ryu Hae,Park Hye Ryun
1249,Was It Love?,https://mydramalist.com/49735-begin-again,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Meet Again, Love Pentagon, Working Mom, Reverse-Harem, First Love, Mother-Daughter Relationship, Entertainment Industry, Multiple Mains, Famous Lead/Common Lead, Successful Male Lead ","Noh Ae Jung is a single mother and works as a producer for a movie company. She has not had a boyfriend in the past 14 years, but 4 men appear in front of her. Oh Dae Oh is a mysterious best-selling novel writer. Ryu Jin is a popular actor. Koo Pa Do was once a gangster, but he is now the CEO of Nine Capital financial company. Oh Yeon Woo is a PE teacher at a school. (Source: AsianWiki)",7.3,8848,16,"['Song Ji Hyo', 'Son Ho Jun', 'Song Jong Ho', 'Koo Ja Sung', 'Kim Min Joon', 'Kim Da Som']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"jTBC,  Netflix",Kim Do Hyung,Lee Seung Jin
1250,The Road,https://mydramalist.com/684039-birth-of-tragedy,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Drama","Rich Female Lead, Greed, Tough Past, Popular Male Lead, Adapted From A Novel, Melodrama, Suspense, Investigation, Ambition, Guilt ","A story of the secrets, desires, guilts, and salvation of residents who live at ""Royal the Hill,"" a place where only the top 1 percenters live. Baek Soo Hyun is a popular and respected anchorman. He is known as a journalist with strong beliefs. When he states something on camera, viewers take his words as the truth. Yet, Baek Soo Hyun has another side; he's cold-hearted, and when he wants something, he gets it no matter what and will use any and all means to get what he wants. He is married to Seo Eun Soo, and they have children. Seo Eun Soo is the daughter of the chairman of the Jegang Group and married to Anchorman Baek Soo Hyun. Her father is powerful enough that he wields heavy influence in the political and economic worlds. Seo Eun Soo is a popular miniature artist. She prioritizes her family and tries never to lose her dignity, but she encounters tragedy. Seo Eun-Soo attempts to protect her family. Cha Seo Young is an announcer for a broadcast station. She has everything, including a prestigious job, exemplary educational background, and a beautiful appearance, but she is rarely satisfied with what she has.(Source: Naver, AsianWiki)~~ Adapted from the novel ""One Tragedy"" (一の悲劇) by Norizuki Rintaro (法月綸太郞).",7.3,585,12,"['Ji Jin Hee', 'Yoon Se Ah', 'Kim Hye Eun', 'Chun Ho Jin', 'Ahn Nae Sang', 'Kim Sung Soo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Kim No Won,Yoon Hee Jung
1251,A Love to Kill,https://mydramalist.com/152-a-love-to-kill,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Forbidden Love, Sad Romance, Rich Woman/Poor Man, Revenge, Steamy Kiss, Misunderstanding, Love Triangle, Evil Stepmother, Aggressive Male Lead, Obsessive Pretender ","Kang Bok Gu is a tough guy and a K-1 Fighter. Bok Gu is a character who is dynamic in nature and grew up in a foster home. He falls in love with a woman whom he should not love. It was because of the woman, his emotionally-wounded brother fell off from the rooftop and became a nursing case. So, his love is forbidden and inevitably tragic.The woman is Cha Eun Seok, who is a TV talent and movie actress. It was not that she jilted his brother on purpose, but upon a basis of misunderstanding, his hatred toward Cha Eun Seok grows more and more burning.By becoming Cha Eun Seok's private bodyguard, Bok Gu keeps concretely practicing his revenge upon her. He only desires 'to bring his brother's woman to her knees. He is gradually taking Cha Eun Seok to destruction while he feels his love toward her growing deeper and deeper in his heart.Bok Gu is a cold guy character without any special concern for women. The martial art of hand-to-hand fighting was just kind of his escape he chose from the shock of a spinster's death whom he loved from a distance.",7.3,4482,16,"['Rain', 'Shin Min Ah', 'Kim Sa Rang', 'Kim Kwang Min', 'Yoo Hye Ri', 'Lee Min Hyuk']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Kim Kyu Tae,  Kwak Jung Hwan",Lee Kyung Hee
1252,Mom Has an Affair,https://mydramalist.com/57163-my-mother-is-having-an-affair,"Romance,  Drama,  Family","Infidelity, Single Mother Female Lead, Domestic Violence, Enemies To Lovers ","Desperate times call for desperate measures and for one mom, that means bagging a rich man to make her kids happy. Pil Jeong is a single, divorced mom of two who swore that she’ll never get married again. Her children, on the other hand, have other plans in store. They beg her to find and marry a rich man as a means of securing their family’s future and a hilarious family expansion project ensues.(Source: Viki)",7.3,224,122,"['Hyun Jyu Ni', 'Lee Jae Hwang', 'Kim Hyung Beom', 'Moon Bo Ryung', 'Lee Won Jae', 'Yang Geum Suk']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Ko Heung Sik,Ahn Seo Jung
1253,L.U.C.A.,https://mydramalist.com/52269-luca,"Action,  Thriller,  Mystery,  Sci-Fi","Special Power, Human Experimentation, Strong Male Lead, Hidden Past, Strong Female Lead, Hidden Identity, Tragic Past, Amnesia, Suspense, Genetics ","“LUCA"" is based on Charles Darwin’s proposition that all species of life have descended over time from common ancestors. (LUCA stands for ""last universal common ancestor."")Ji Oh, who rarely reveals his emotions to others, has a special power and a secret but doesn't know who he really is. He is chased by mysterious figures while he tries to find answers to numerous questions that surround him.Gu Reum is a detective whose parents disappeared when she was a young child. When she decides on a course of action, she won't change no matter what.  Gu Reum chases after the truth behind her parents' disappearance. She meets Ji Oh and her life changes.(Sources: Asianwiki, Soompi)",7.3,4333,12,"['Kim Rae Won', 'Lee Da Hee', 'Kim Sung Oh', 'Kim  Sang Ho', 'Jung Da Eun', 'Park Hyuk Kwon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Kim Hong Seon,Chun Sung Il
1254,I Really Really Like You,https://mydramalist.com/460-i-really-really-like-you,"Food,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","President Supporting Character, Photographer Supporting Character, Chef Supporting Character, Bodyguard Supporting Character, Bodyguard Male Lead, Incompetent Parent, Blue House, Poor Female Lead, Cooking, Love Triangle ","Yeo Bong Soon leaves her mountain village and comes to Seoul to live and look for her parents after her foster 'grandmother' passes away. She finds a job as an assistant cook at the President's Blue House canteen and later, in the Blue House kitchen. She falls for Jang Joon Won, the President's son, a highly intellectual doctor; however, he is married with a five-year-old daughter. His wife is suffering from dementia. As Bong Soon finds herself falling in love with Joon Won, a love triangle builds up when Bong Ki, the President's family's bodyguard, starts to fall for the hillbilly Bong Soon! The drama explores about how Bong Ki gets in touch with his own feelings and how Bong Song's generosity makes the men fall for her.",7.3,1281,34,"['Ryu Jin', 'Lee Min Ki', 'Eugene', 'Jung So Young', 'Kim Hye Ok', 'Kim Hyung Beom']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Kim Jin Man,Bae Yoo Mi
1255,The Witch Store Reopens,https://mydramalist.com/708991-witch-store-reopening,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth,  Fantasy","Student Male Lead, School Setting, Shop Owner Female Lead, Witch Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, Miniseries, High School, Web Series, Character Development, Friendship ","Lee Hae Na is a female witch who runs a small, independent witchcraft store. But the store has fallen on hard times and is now on the verge of closing once and for all. Lee Hae Na has resolved to do whatever she can to prevent her shop from going under, but time is running out. Although she excels at witchcraft – and is a dab hand at cursing people and casting spells, she has very little in the way of business acumen, a fact that is hitting sales at the store.Joining her at the store is an ordinary-seeming high school student named Han Ji Ho. He has very little in the way of ambition and drive, but actually possesses a rare ability to do whatever he wants to do...if he can only set his mind to the task. Han Ji Ho joins the shop as a part-time staff member. But while he thought very little of the job at first, he eventually becomes determined to help Lee Hae Na save the store. But is it too late to save the shop? Or will the combination of his willpower and her witchcraft skills be enough to help the shop escape closure?(Source: Viki)",7.3,366,10,"['Jung Ye Rin', 'Kim Yong Hee', 'Kim Yae Lim', 'Kwon Ah Reum', 'Yoo Dong Guk', 'Lee Hyun Joo']",Not Yet Rated,vLive,Jung Sung Bin,Ahn Se Hwa
1256,The World That They Live In,https://mydramalist.com/314-the-world-that-they-live-in,"Business,  Romance,  Life","Entertainment Industry, Rich Woman/Poor Man, Unrequited Love, Hardworking Female Lead, Hot-Tempered Male Lead, Hot-tempered Female Lead, Ex-couple Relationship, Producer Female Lead, Actor/Actress Supporting Character, Secondary Couple ","Joo Jun Yeong, a producer working her way in the male dominated world of drama creators. Co-star Hyun Bin plays her mentor, who makes Joo's character's life miserable at first, but later discovers his affection toward the hard-working and passionate newcomer.",7.3,2670,16,"['Hyun Bin', 'Song Hye Kyo', 'Uhm Ki Joon', 'Bae Jong Ok', 'Choi Daniel', 'Kim Yeo Jin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Kim Kyu Tae,  Pyo Min Soo",Noh Hee Kyung
1257,Hero,https://mydramalist.com/3639-hero-2012,"Action,  Fantasy,  Supernatural","Strong Male Lead, Future, Miniseries, Superhuman Strength ","Set in the near future, the country of South Korea has gone bankrupt. In the fictional city of Mooyoung, irregularities and corruption have now become rampant. By chance, Kim Heuk Cheol receives superhuman strength, and he fights against the corruption plaguing the city of Mooyoung. (Source: AsianWiki)",7.3,354,9,"['Yang Dong Geun', 'Han Chae Ah', 'Ryu Sung Hoon', 'Otani Ryohei', 'Oh Yoo Na', 'Keum Dan Bi']",Not Yet Rated,OCN,Kim Hong Seon,Kim Ba Da
1258,Dating Agency,https://mydramalist.com/6699-dating-agency-cyrano,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","MDL Remake, Matchmaking, Older Man/Younger Woman, Love Triangle ","Min Yeong works as a dating agent, and while her field of work requires her to offer her clients the perfect match by levels, she romantically believes that love shouldn't have restrictions. She risks getting into trouble as she plans a date between a low-level class client and a higher rank woman. All seems to go according to plan until we find out that Byun Hoon, the leader of another agency, is trying to do the same with his own client.(Source: Written by MyDramaList)",7.3,5530,16,"['Choi Soo Young', 'Lee Jong Hyuk', 'Lee Chun Hee', 'Hong Jong Hyun', 'Jo Yoon Woo', 'Lee Min Woo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Unknown,Shin Jae Won
1259,"I  Do, I Do",https://mydramalist.com/3861-i-do-i-do,"Comedy,  Romance","Older Woman/Younger Man, Strong Female Lead, Pregnancy, Love Triangle, Workplace Setting, Age Gap [Drama Life], Age Gap [Real Life], Fashion Industry, Cold Female Lead, Warm Man/Cold Woman ","Hwang Ji An is a successful shoe designer whose life revolves around her work. She's fiercely protective of her designs, though they are constantly being copied, flooding the market with cheap knock-offs. Park Tae Kang is a young, talented designer, but still regularly rips off Ji An's designs for the easy money. A particularly bad day for the both of them brings them together over drinks, leading to a one-night stand. They swear never to see each other again, but things get complicated when her company hires Tae Kang as a new employee, and Ji An discovers that she's pregnant with his child!",7.3,6803,16,"['Kim Sun Ah', 'Lee Jang Woo', 'Im Soo Hyang', 'Park Gun Hyung', 'Jo Hee Bong', 'Shin Seung Hwan']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Kang Dae Sun,Jo Jung Hwa
1260,Immortal Classic,https://mydramalist.com/3917-immortal-classic,"Food,  Business,  Comedy,  Romance","Restaurant Setting, Traditional Medicine, Tradition, Ambition, Family Relationship, Slice Of Life, Mother-Daughter Relationship, Death, Cooking, Competition ",A ‘Kimchi’ drama that is being attempted at for the first time in the country about a fight over the position for the greatest cook and the greatest cooking assistant (Source: KoreanDramaOrg),7.3,313,20,"['Park Sun Young', 'Im Ye Jin', 'Han Jae Suk', 'Go Doo Shim', 'Go Yoon Hoo', 'Kyung In Sun']",Not Yet Rated,Channel A,Kim Sang Rae,Kim Shin Hye
1261,More Than Friends,https://mydramalist.com/57047-number-of-cases-to-go-from-friends-to-lovers,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","Multiple Couples, First Love, Love Triangle, Unrequited Love, Sismance, Misunderstanding, Secret Crush, Long Time Friends, Slow Burn Romance, Female Chases Male First ","Ten years ago, Kyung Woo Yeon was as innocent and carefree as any eighteen year old might be. With dreams, ambitions, and a heart ready to love, it was only a matter of time before she fell for someone. And fall she did; for her friend, Lee Soo. Unable to hold her feelings in her heart, she confesses to him before he leaves and gets friend-zoned. Seven years later, she tries her luck again only to be rejected again. She is determined to get over what she considers this curse of not being able to experience love. One lonely day in Jeju, she declares confidently that she no longer likes him and decided to leave him. He too leaves Korea having a heavy pang in his heart.  She had tried every trick to get over this curse that she had, having almost 12 ex-boyfriends. Till one day, when she finds a guy, Joon Soo who offers to be her test man and help her determine whether the fault lies in her or the men she has dated. Having been traumatized by the divorce of his parents in the past, Lee Soo always stops himself from love and choose to not start something so that it won't end. After 3 years leaving Jeju island and his memory of Woo Yeon, Lee Soo comes back to Korea and find her with another man, but this time he hopes to face his feelings and not let his past overshadow him.(Source: jTBC)",7.3,7421,16,"['Ong Seong Wu', 'Shin Ye Eun', 'Kim Dong Jun', 'Ahn Eun Jin', 'Choi Chan Ho', 'Baek Soo Min']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"jTBC,  Viki",Choi Sung Bum,Jo Seung Hee
1262,Level Up,https://mydramalist.com/33313-new-work,"Business,  Comedy,  Romance","Boss-Employee Relationship, Cold Man/Warm Woman, Rich Male Lead, Smart Male Lead, Eccentric Male Lead, Slow Burn Romance, Investment, Workplace Setting, Manager Female Lead, Game Developer Supporting Character ","Ahn Dan Te is the ace director of Yoo Seong CRC, a company specializing in restructuring. He is a true “cold city man” of this era with a poker face that doesn’t express emotions, perfect workmanship, and cold-blooded harshness.Shin Yeon Hwa is the chief development officer of the dying game company Joy Buster, who teams up with Ahn Dan Te. She starts to develop a new game to satisfy him, but they often misunderstand each other and end up quarreling, creating a lovable comedy for the viewers.The drama between cold Ahn Dan Te and passionate Shin Yeon Hwa will double the excitement by stirring up an odd chemistry. (Source: Soompi)",7.3,3354,12,"['Sung Hoon', 'Han Bo Reum', 'Cha Sun Woo', 'Kang  Byul', 'Danny Ahn', 'Ryu Seung Soo']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,"DramaX,  MBN,  Viki",Kim Sang Woo,Kim Dong Kyu
1263,Prime Minister and I,https://mydramalist.com/8129-prime-minister-and-i,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Contract Relationship, Journalism, Older Man/Younger Woman, Single Father Male Lead, Marriage, Car Accident, Death Of A Mother, Prime Minister Male Lead, Age Gap [Drama Life], Age Gap [Real Life] ","Prime Minister Kwon Yool works well at his office, but he struggles to raise his three children alone. Nam Da Jung is a reporter full of enthusiasm at work, but she always ends up missing big scoops. When Nam Da Jung chases Prime Minister Kwon for a lucrative exposé, she ends up scooping a whole lot more than she bargained for. Kwon Yool's three kids receive a mother as a Christmas present, and that mother is Nam Da Jung.",7.3,9228,17,"['Im Yoon Ah', 'Lee Bum Soo', 'Yoon Shi Yoon', 'Chae Jung An', 'Ryu Jin', 'Yoon Hae Young']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Lee So Yeon,"Kim Eun Hee,  Yoon Eun Kyung"
1264,Happy Home,https://mydramalist.com/16146-happy-home,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Nice Male Lead, Tearjerker, Infidelity, Tragic Past, Multiple Couples, Love Triangle, Single Father, Soap Opera, Multi-Generational, Second Chance ","A new building complex is built in Chinatown and Bong Sam Bong opens his Chinese restaurant called “Gahwamansasung” there with a big splash. But Bong’s luck does not last long after he had worked so hard from the bottom to finally open his own restaurant. His married children all get divorced and now his own wife is demanding a divorce, too. This show follows the drama-filled lives of Mr. Bong’s family as they run “Gahwamansasung,” the largest Chinese restaurant in Chinatown. The family overcomes a string of crises and through understanding, they resolve their differences and lingering family issues. Despite their fighting, they still stay tight as a family unit and will sit down together for a bowl of Chinese noodles for family dinners with lots of love and laughter.(Source: MBC)",7.3,382,51,"['Kim So Yeon', 'Lee Sang Woo', 'Lee Pil Mo', 'Kang Yi Eun', 'Kim Yeong Cheol', 'Won Mi Kyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Lee Dong Yoon,Jo Eun Jung
1265,Touch,https://mydramalist.com/39743-touch,"Business,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Strong Female Lead, Boss-Employee Relationship, Second Chance, Idol Trainee, Domestic Abuse, Ex-girlfriend Comes Back, Slow Burn Romance, First Love, Workplace Abuse, Conglomerate ","A popular make-up artist, known for his never-ending quest for perfection, Cha Jung Hyeok was at the top of his game. But destiny, it seemed, wouldn’t let him stay there for long. Now unemployed and drowning in debt, Jung Hyeok is desperate to find a way out of this most miserable of slumps; but he’s not the only one.An idol trainee for the past ten years, Han Soo Yeon is desperate to finally get her big break. Deciding it’s now or never, she agrees to participate in an idol audition program, but fails to make the cut. Booted from the program, Soo Yeon finds herself wondering if this is really the path she’s meant to take in life.Desperation and destiny come together in unexpected ways when Jung Hyeok and Soo Yeon cross paths. After finally landing a much-needed job as a make-up artist, Jung Hyeok agrees to take Soo Yeon under his wing. Noticing that his new assistant shows an incredible aptitude for the art, Jung Hyeok is happy to teach her everything he knows. As the two grow closer, they slowly learn to let go of the broken dreams of the past as they steadily walk towards a future full of bright new dreams, together.(Source: Viki)",7.3,2465,16,"['Joo Sang Wook', 'Kim Bo Ra', 'Lee Tae Hwan', 'Yoon Hee Seok', 'Song  Jae Hee', 'Byun Jung Soo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Channel A,  Viki",Min Yeon Hong,Ahn Ho Kyung
1266,You Are The Only One,https://mydramalist.com/11556-you-are-the-only-one,"Romance,  Drama,  Family",Unknown,"There is a tremendous growth in the number of single households and people who choose to live in a shared house for economic reasons. A woman who used to be a producer but ended up being a market vendor; a middle aged woman abandoned by her father and family; a single daddy and a foreigner; people with different stories are gathered under the same roof in attempts to save money. Among them, a daughter and a wife feeling left out by their families embrace the wounded hearts of each other. This drama features people from different backgrounds becoming a family and reminds audience what the true meaning of family in this generation is.",7.3,228,120,"['Han Chae Ah', 'Sung Hyuk', 'Ji Joo Yeon', 'Kang Nam Gil', 'Kim Hae Sook', 'Jung Han Yong']",Not Yet Rated,KBS1,Jin Hyung Wook,Go Bong Hwang
1267,Ma Boy,https://mydramalist.com/5104-ma-boy,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth","Cross-Dressing, Miniseries, Nice Female Lead, Hidden Identity, High School, Double Identity, Idol Male Lead, Cohabitation, School Bullying, Dancer Male Lead ","Geu Rim is a student at an arts high school who dreams of becoming a pop singer. At school she gets a new roommate, Irene who’s actually a boy. Irene’s persona is a pretty Female CF star and his actual name is Hyun Woo.",7.3,9397,3,"['Kim So Hyun', 'Kim Sun Woong', 'Min Hoo', 'Kang Hyun Joong', 'Lee Jong Park', 'Yeon Song Ha']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Tooniverse,Unknown,Unknown
1268,"What's Up, Fox?",https://mydramalist.com/1036-whats-up-fox,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life","Older Woman/Younger Man, Slow Burn Romance, Disapproving Family, Secret Crush, Family Pressure, Character Development, Love Triangle, Secondary Couple, Lovers Separated, One-night Stand ","Single 33-year-old Go Byeong Hee works as a reporter for a sex magazine. She wants more romance and a more respectable life but isn't sure how to get it. 24-year-old Park Chul Su, mechanic and world traveller, is the younger brother of Byeong Hee's best friend. He's free-spirited and not concerned with what the world thinks. One night, the two old family friends get drunk and wake up in bed together. Go Byeong Hee wants to forget it ever happened, especially since a good marriage prospect has just made an appearance. Unfortunately for her, Chul Su has other ideas.",7.3,2498,16,"['Chun Jung Myung', 'Go Hyun Jung', 'Ahn Sun Young', 'Go Joon Hee', 'Youn Yuh Jung', 'Seo Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Kwon Seok Jang,Kim Do Woo
1269,Vampire Idol,https://mydramalist.com/3076-vampire-idol,"Comedy,  Drama,  Supernatural,  Sitcom","Roommates' Relationship, Vampire Fiction, Vampire Male Lead, Melodrama ","A naive vampire prince struggles to become a global pop idol in this melodramatic youth sitcom.Prince Vampire has to navigate the shark-infested waters of mundane adolescence, all in order to fulfill his lifelong dream of fame and glory.",7.3,433,79,"['Lee Jung', 'Lee Soo Hyuk', 'Bang Min Ah', 'Kang Min Kyung', 'Lee Yoo Bi', 'Chun Woo Hee']",Not Yet Rated,MBN,Lee Geun Wook,"Lee Sung Eun,  Ha Chul Seung"
1270,Hero,https://mydramalist.com/196-hero-2009,"Action,  Mystery,  Comedy,  Drama","Reporter Male Lead, Investigation ","The story of Korea's top reporters and ordinary citizens fighting against the society elite's abuse of power.Working as a reporter for a racy tabloid called the Monday Seoul, Jin Do Hyuk uses any means necessary to get a scoop. One day, he goes to interview Jo Yong Deok, the boss of the Axe gang, who suggests that they start their own newspaper. Do Hyuk lies about the credentials of his former co-workers when he introduces them to Jo Yong Deok as potential hires for the newspaper venture. With his former co-workers on board, he is able to launch the Yongdeok Daily together with Yong Deok. But the newly hired reporters soon find themselves sucked into a huge conspiracy that could utterly ruin their lives. (Source: HanCinema)",7.3,1585,16,"['Lee Joon Gi', 'Yoon So Yi', 'Jung  Soo Young', 'Seo Seung Man', 'Jo Kyung Hoon', 'Han Soo Jin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Lee Dong Yoon,  Kim Kyung Hee",Park Ji Sook
1271,Freshman,https://mydramalist.com/34092-freshmen,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Bromance, Friendship, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Roommates' Relationship, Young Adult Female Lead, Young Adult Male Lead, Short Length Series, University ",It depicts the challenge of outsiders of a college to become insider.,7.3,361,12,"['Lee Jung Ha', 'Hwang In Youp', 'Moon Joo Yeon', 'Jung Bo Min']",G - All Ages,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Kim Tae Wook,Lee Ye Dam
1272,Dream Knight,https://mydramalist.com/12591-dream-knight,"Romance,  Drama,  Fantasy","Web Series, Reverse-Harem, K-Pop, Music, Idol Male Lead, Short Length Series, Magical Object, Protector, Moral Dilemma, Orphan Female Lead ","A young girl named Joo In Hyung, suffering from her past experiences until a group of mysterious men suddenly enter her life. The fantasy romance drama touches on dreams, love, and friendship.",7.3,10212,12,"['Song  Ha Yoon', 'Jay B', 'Park Jin Young', 'Mark Tuan', 'Jackson Wang', 'BamBam']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Park Byung Hwan,Won Young Shil
1273,My Love By My Side,https://mydramalist.com/1798-my-love-by-my-side-2011,"Romance,  Family","Teenage Pregnancy, Birth Secret ","The story of a young single mother, Do Mi Sol, and her quest to make the world a warmer place to live in.",7.3,334,50,"['Lee So Yeon', 'Ohn Joo Wan', 'Lee Jae Yoon', 'Kim Myung Kook', 'Moon Cheon Shik', 'Lee Eui Jung']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Unknown,Kim Sa Kyung
1274,Assorted Gems,https://mydramalist.com/864-assorted-gems,"Romance,  Family","Slow Burn Romance, Family Relationship, Hidden Identity, Multiple Couples, Hardworking Female Lead, Multiple Mains, Poor Family, Maternal Grandmother - Paternal Grandmother, Foreigner Supporting Character, Sisters' Relationship ","The four siblings in the Gung family were named after precious jewels: eldest daughter Bi Chwi (Jade), eldest son San Ho (Coral), second daughter Ryu Bi (Ruby), and the youngest son, Ho Bak (Amber). Like an assortment of beautiful gems, their colours may clash and their sharp edges chip away at each other. Using an analogy of a bowl of rice with assorted ingredients to illustrate the workings of a family, the key to a great dish is using the right balance of ingredients in order to create a good mixture. Assorted Gems tells the story of the different lives of the family members and how they learn from their clashes to find the perfect balance.",7.3,434,50,"['Kang Se Jung', 'Lee Tae Gon', 'So Yi Hyun', 'Lee Hyun Jin', 'Lee Il Min', 'Jung Yoo Mi']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Baek Ho Min,Im Sung Han
1275,Wonderful Mama,https://mydramalist.com/6652-wonderful-mama,"Romance,  Drama,  Family,  Melodrama","Neurological Disorder, Alzheimer's Disease, Family Secret, Riches To Rags, Character Development ","Rich, private moneylender Yoon Bok Hee has three children. She gets Alzheimer's and her three children go through difficulties to finally become grownups.Meanwhile, Jang Hoon Nam lost his parents when he was young and he lives with his deaf older brother. Jang Hoon Nam has a strong sense of responsibility. He meets designer Go Young Chae, who is Yoon Bok Hee's eldest daughter. Jang Hoon Nam and Go Young Chae work at the same company. Go Young Chae is arrogant and vain. At first, they have frequent conflicts with each other but begin to fall in love. (Source: AsianWiki)",7.3,456,48,"['Bae Jong Ok', 'Jung Yoo Mi', 'Kim Ji Suk', 'Park Bo Gum', 'Jung Gyu Woon', 'Sun Woo Jae Duk']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,"Ahn Gil Ho,  Yoon Ryu Hae",Park Hyun Joo
1276,Café Kilimanjaro,https://mydramalist.com/58607-caf-kilimanjaro,"Music,  Drama","Café Setting, Café Owner Male Lead, Short Length Series, Band, Multiple Mains, Miniseries, Web Series ","""Cafe Kilimanjaro"" details a series of events wherein the inexperienced proprietor of a coffee shop gets involved with the members of a fictional band known as 'Leopold'.(Source: HanCinema)",7.3,340,10,"['Kwon Hyun Bin', 'Kim Na Hyun', 'Choi Si Hun', 'Baek Jin', 'Park Chan Kyu', 'Jin Yea']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1277,"Que Sera, Sera",https://mydramalist.com/433-que-sera-sera,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Female Chases Male First, Steamy Kiss, Contract Relationship, Aggressive Male Lead, Jealousy, Multiple Couples, Possessive Male Lead, Naive Female Lead, Love Square, Boss-Employee Relationship ","Kang Tae Joo is a player with charm and good looks who always dates rich women. One day, he finds a strange poor girl named Han Eun Soo sleeping in front of his door. Although he initially despises her, he eventually finds himself falling for her. Cha Hye Lin is the daughter of a rich shopping mall CEO. Her first love, Shin Joon Hyuk, dumps her at her father's request. Hye Lin buys herself a new boyfriend to make her ex jealous. That man is Kang Tae Joo, and during their contract relationship, Hye Lin begins to fall in love again. However, Tae Joo already has a girlfriend and he can't forget her as easily as he has forgotten all the women in his past. This drama is basically about the redemption of Kang Tae Joo from bastard to human.",7.3,2682,17,"['Eric Mun', 'Jung Yu Mi', 'Yoon  Ji Hye', 'Lee Kyu Han', 'Geum Bo Ra', 'Lee Eun Sung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Kim Yoon Cheol,Do Hyun Jung
1278,My Absolute Boyfriend,https://mydramalist.com/28040-romantic-comedy-king,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Fantasy","Robot, Male Chases Female First, Eccentric Male Lead, Warm Man/Cold Woman, Interspecies Romance, Artificial Intelligence, Cohabitation, Nice Male Lead, Clingy Male Lead, Cheerful Male Lead ","Eom Da Da is a special effects make-up artist who has been secretly dating Ma Wang Joon, an A-class actor, for 7 years. After a sequence of incidents that damaged Da Da's belief in her love, she decides to break up with Wang Joon. With a heart barely healed after the breakup, she ends up meeting Young Goo, a humanoid robot programmed to be a perfect boyfriend. Young Goo begins to develop human emotions and gets involved in a love triangle with Wang Joon and Da Da.(Source: MyDramaList)~~ Adapted from the manga ""Absolute Boyfriend"" (絶対彼氏) by Watase Yu (渡瀬悠宇).",7.3,7777,40,"['Yeo Jin Goo', 'Bang Min Ah', 'Hong Jong Hyun', 'Hong Seo Young', 'Choi Sung Won', 'Ha Jae Sook']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"SBS,  Viki",Jung Jung Hwa,Yang Hyuk Moon
1279,Rumor,https://mydramalist.com/41873-rumor,"Thriller,  Mystery","Workplace Setting, Office Setting, Office Worker Female Lead, Short Length Series, Workplace Abuse, Different Timelines, Miniseries, Death, Web Series, Investigation ","'Rumor' is an office thriller web drama about the story of the heroine who died through the internal auditor's death as a victim of workplace bullying, company absurdity and rumor. (Source: Olleh TV)",7.3,189,8,"['Kim Da Ye', 'Chae Jong Hyeop', 'Bae Jung Hwa', 'Kim Kyung Il', 'Joo Seok Tae']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Genie TV,Park Seung Woo,Unknown
1280,"Fight Hard, Love Harder Season 2",https://mydramalist.com/57781-fight-hard-love-harder-season-2,"Romance,  Life,  Youth,  Drama","Short Length Series, Break Up, Naive Female Lead, Miniseries, Web Series, Nice Male Lead, Friendship ","In the second season, we will be shown the stories of four couples whose feelings are just beginning to emerge, but over time they have clashes of interests that lead to litigation and a break in relations, and maybe rethink their actions in order to preserve love. In any of these couples, you can see yourself in a past relationship or present. They will show you how both parties perceive it.",7.3,173,4,"['Kim Do Geon', 'Yoo Hye In', 'Jung Shin Hye', 'Kim Hyun Mok', 'Kim Nu Ri', 'Steve Noh']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1281,Office Watch,https://mydramalist.com/23630-office-watch,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Workplace Setting, Office Setting, Office Worker Female Lead, Short Length Series, Workplace Romance, Miniseries, Web Series ",Unknown,7.3,191,8,"['Kang Hoon', 'Baek Soo Hee', 'Jin So Yeon', 'Cho So Bin', 'Seo Dong Oh', 'Kim Sung Gon']",Not Yet Rated,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Han Soo Ji,Unknown
1282,Vengeance of the Bride,https://mydramalist.com/737535-bride-of-the-typhoon,"Thriller,  Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Soap Opera, Chairman/Chairwoman Supporting Character, Housekeeper Supporting Character, Entrepreneur Female Lead, Detective Supporting Character, Reporter Supporting Character, Picaresque, Time Skip, Smart Female Lead, Hidden Identity ","Eun Seo Yeon is a warm and friendly woman. She runs a small business that produces cosmetics and sells them on the internet. She also works as a staff member at a make-up salon. In her past, she and her parents were in a very close relationship with Kang Baek San. He now runs a large cosmetics company. One day, Eun Seo Yeon learns that Kang Baek San is responsible for her parents’ tragedy. She becomes determined to take revenge on him for his past deeds. Following her plan, she marries Kang Tae Poong, who is Kang Baek San’s son.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.3,308,102,"['Park Ha Na', 'Kang Ji Sub', 'Park  Yoon Jae', 'Oh Seung Ah', 'Son Chang Min', 'Choi Soo Rin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Park Ki Hyun,Song Jung Rim
1283,"Do You ""Truth or Dare"" with Me?",https://mydramalist.com/33726-do-you-truth-or-dare-with-me,"Comedy,  Romance","Lesbian Female Lead, Short Length Series, LGBTQ+, Miniseries, Web Series ","""hey you want to play the truth or dare with me? You also like me right?” (Source: Stylelife Contents Lab, Youtube)",7.3,177,2,"['Lee Il Hyun', 'Lee Myung Joon', 'Jung Seon Hee']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1284,Pure Melo District,https://mydramalist.com/65211-clean-melo-area,"Romance,  Life,  Drama,  Melodrama","Miniseries, Web Series, Childhood Friends' Relationship, Workplace Setting, Office Setting, Office Worker Female Lead, Office Worker Male Lead, Workplace Romance, Sweet Male Lead, Steamy Kiss ","""Why do I need to choose and give up between work, love, and friend?""The story is about the romance of an office couple Seol and Jung Woo, and Seol's childhood friend Tae Hwan, who enters the company KOGAS.(Source: Kpopmap)",7.3,321,4,"['Kim Yi Kyung', 'Ki Tae Hwa', 'Jo Sung Won', 'Jun Eun Mi', 'Koo Ja Keon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,vLive,Unknown,Unknown
1285,Gold Mask,https://mydramalist.com/724805-golden-mask,"Drama,  Melodrama","Revenge, Greed, Restaurant Manager Supporting Character, Female Centered Plot, Married Female Lead, Swindler Supporting Character, Loan Shark Female Lead, Heir/Heiress Supporting Character, Married Life, False Rumors ","A tragedy occurs for three women, caused by greed and desire.Yoo Soo Yeon grew up with ordinary parents. She falls in love with a man from a chaebol family and marries him. Her life seems to mirror that of Cinderella and she is envied by others, but her life isn't easy due to mistreatment from her in-laws.Cha Hwa Young is full of greed and desire. She tries to keep her upper class life.Go Mi Sook is a private moneylender and she owns a franchise restaurant chain. She is a good person.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.3,331,100,"['Cha Ye Ryun', 'Lee Hyun Jin', 'Lee Hwi Hyang', 'Na Young Hee', 'Yeon Min Ji', 'Lee Joong Moon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Uh Soo Sun,Kim Min Joo
1286,Twinkle Twinkle,https://mydramalist.com/284-twinkle-twinkle,"Romance,  Drama","Publishing House Setting, Workplace Setting, Cheerful Female Lead, Hardworking Female Lead, Family Relationship, Switched At Birth, Identity Swap, Boss-Employee Relationship, Cold Man/Warm Woman, Love Triangle ","This drama tells the success story of Han Jung Won, a workaholic careerwoman, who is determined to make her own way in life without the help of her family, which has garnered considerable wealth from their publishing company. Her life is turned upside down due to someone's mistake, and she faces numerous setbacks on the road to recovery.",7.3,447,54,"['Kim Hyun Joo', 'Lee Yoo Ri', 'Kim Suk Hoon', 'Kim Dong Ho', 'Go Doo Shim', 'Gil Yong Woo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Noh Do Cheol,Bae Yoo Mi
1287,People You May Know,https://mydramalist.com/23191-people-you-may-know,"Romance,  Life,  Drama,  Melodrama","Short Length Series, Grief, College To Working Life, Memories, Break Up, Car Accident, Past And Present, Different Timelines, Love At First Sight, Miniseries ","Lee Ahn and Jin Yeong have been in an on-and-off relationship for nine years since they met in college. One day, Jin Yeong breaks up with Lee Ahn. Even before Lee Ahn becomes used to her single life, she hears the news of her ex-boyfriend’s death. Jin Yeong’s cell phone is transferred to Lee Ahn according to his will, but the phone is locked. If Lee Ahn enters the wrong password for the 10th time, the phone will get reset and all of Jin Yeong’s memories will be deleted forever.While Lee Ahn is still struggling to accept her ex-boyfriend’s death, a guy called Jin Yeong joins her company. His name and habits remind Lee Ahn of her deceased ex-boyfriend, bringing back old memories of him.Ahn starts to enter passwords, recollecting old memories. Will she be able to reach Jin Yeong’s memories within 10 tries?(Source: JTBC)",7.3,582,10,"['Choi Soo Young', 'Lee Won Keun', 'Shim Hee Sub', 'Jeon Hye Jin', 'Son Jong Hak', 'Ahn Woo Yeon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"jTBC,  Naver TV Cast",Im Hyun Wook,Yoon I Na
1288,Her Bucket List,https://mydramalist.com/689509-her-bucketlist,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Web Series, Best Friends' Relationship, Singer Male Lead, Miniseries, Death, Adapted From A Webtoon, Music, Friendship ","Very much in love with her boyfriend, Cha Ra Ri is devastated when she learns that he has unexpectedly passed away. Unsure how she can ever find the strength to go on living without him, Ra Ri decides to follow her boyfriend in death. But the discovery of a bucket list, which she had written with him ages ago, inspires her to hold off on death for just a while longer. Determined to fulfill every item of their shared bucket list, Ra Ri sets out to do just that. As she begins checking items off their list, she crosses paths with Kang Hansol, an idol trainee with great potential but terrible stage fright. Brought together by fate, Ra Ri and Hansol begin completing items on her bucket list together, their time together giving them the strength to hold on, just a while longer.Working their way through the list, Ra Ri and Hansol begin to realize there are unexpected feelings growing between them. Drawing ever closer, the pain they’ve both endured slowly begins to fade. Will their newfound feelings give them the strength they need to continue living despite everything?(Source: Viki)~~ Adapted from a webtoon of the same name.",7.3,1057,10,"['Kim So Hye', 'Na In Woo', 'Kim Woo Rin', 'Lim Se Jun', 'Cho Mi Yeon', 'Cha Gun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Daum Kakao TV,Hwang  Gyung Sung,Unknown
1289,Miss Korea,https://mydramalist.com/8284-miss-korea,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","Beauty Pageant, Competition, 1990s, First Love, IMF Crisis, Strong Female Lead, Desperate Male Lead, Male Chases Female First, Ex-couple Relationship, Hidden Agenda ","An ""inelegant"" young woman who works as an elevator operator at a department store that lays off workers in the worst 1997 financial crisis ever to hit the nation crosses paths with macho Mr. Kim, a cosmetics firm CEO, whose company is on the brink of bankruptcy. With nothing to lose, these two people decide to join together to win the Miss Korea contest.(Source: MBC)",7.3,2867,20,"['Lee Sun Kyun', 'Lee Yun Hee', 'Lee Mi Sook', 'Song Sun Mi', 'Lee Sung Min', 'Go Sung Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Kwon Seok Jang,Seo Sook Hyang
1290,Madame Antoine,https://mydramalist.com/15854-madame-antoine,"Psychological,  Comedy,  Romance","Mean Male Lead, Gaslighting, Betrayal, Emotional Abuse, Psychology, Multiple Couples, Older Woman/Younger Man, Eccentric Female Lead, Arrogant Male Lead, Shamanism ","Soo Hyun is a psychologist based in America who has famous celebrities as his patients. But he suddenly returns to Korea and opens a psychotherapy center. A fraud fortune-teller named Hye Rim steals all of Soo Hyun's clients with her uncanny ability to read people’s minds seconds after meeting them. With his pride wounded, Soo Hyun decides to come up with a psychological experiment to perform on Hye Rim for his own research and revenge for the loss of his clients. As part of this experiment, three attractive men, including Soo Hyun, use all their charms to seduce Hye Rim and make her fall in love with them. Soo Hyun believes that he cuts a dashing figure and is quite accomplished professionally compared to the other two men; Seung Chan, Soo Hyun’s brother, wins over women’s hearts by treating them like queens; Ji Ho is an attractive and eccentric young genius. Hye Rim hadn’t believed in love until she becomes the lover of three different men. As she is caught up in the whirlwind of a romance that follows, her cynicism towards love crumbles. Will Hye Rim remain in love with Soo Hyun even after she realizes that she was just a participant in his psychological love experiment?(Source: JTBC)",7.3,10226,16,"['Sung Joon', 'Han Ye Seul', 'Jung Jin Woon', 'Lee Joo Hyung', 'Hwang Seung Eon', 'Jang Mi Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,Kim Yoon Cheol,Hong Jin Ah
1291,"Cheer Up, Mr. Kim!",https://mydramalist.com/5641-cheer-up-mr.-kim,Drama,"North Korean Supporting Character, Housekeeper Male Lead, Single Father Male Lead, Family Relationship, Adoption, Rich Woman/Poor Man, Romance ",A family drama about a bachelor who raises four children and works all sorts of jobs to support his adopted family.Kim Tae Pyung is the guardian of four children with different family names and is an apartment cleaner and housework helper with good looks and skilled hands. He is one tough guy who's made up of patience and perseverance and he takes care of children who are in the same situation as him in the past.(Source: DramaWiki),7.3,472,124,"['Kim Dong Wan', 'Wang Ji Hye', 'Yang Jin Woo', 'Choi Jung Yoon', 'Yun  Joon Suk', 'Kim Duk Hyun']",Not Yet Rated,KBS1,Hong Seok Goo,Jo Jung Joo
1292,No Going Back Romance,https://mydramalist.com/63925-no-turning-back-romance,"Mystery,  Romance,  Youth","High School, Web Series, Friendship, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, Short Length Series, Popular Male Lead ","A teen romance of So Dam, a sixteen-year-old girl, who has never dated before but she receives her first-ever love confession from a mysterious boy. She is looking for the boy who secretly confessed to her while she was asleep on her desk. The clues include a male voice, mango fruit scent and gym uniform. She must piece the puzzle to find that person among the likely candidates that include hot shots Park Ji Hoo,  Jeong Han Kyul, and Joo In Hyuk.(Source: MyDramaList, newsin)",7.3,308,10,"['Yoon San', 'Lee Da Yeon', 'Park Jae Chan', 'Kang Tae Woo', 'Nana', 'Moon Bin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Unknown,Unknown
1293,Can Love Become Money,https://mydramalist.com/3657-can-love-become-money,"Business,  Comedy,  Romance","Betrayal, Mafia, Cohabitation, Boss-Employee Relationship, Riches To Rags, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Crime ",A romantic drama about what happens when young and successful CEO Ma In Tak offers to pass on a 10 billion won inheritance to his future wife.,7.3,1307,20,"['Uhm Ji Won', 'Yeon Jung Hoon', 'Wang Bit Na', 'Jo Yeon Woo', 'Wi Ji Woong', 'Hwang Bo']",Not Yet Rated,MBN,Han Cheol Soo,Do Hyun Jung
1294,Item,https://mydramalist.com/30475-item,"Action,  Thriller,  Mystery,  Supernatural","Adapted From A Webtoon, Impulsive Male Lead, Tragic Past, Mad Dog, Supernatural Phenomena, Corruption, Precognition, Revenge, Muteness, Law Firm Setting ","A profiler and a prosecutor must uncover the hidden secrets surrounding unique items with supernatural powers and a conspiracy. Kang Gon is a prosecutor full of justice and a warm heart. In order to save his niece Da In, he jumps into a conspiracy surrounding an item having supernatural powers. Kang Gon works with a criminal profiler Shin So Yeong.(Source: Asianwiki)~~ Adapted from the webtoon written by Min Hyung and illustrated by Kim Joon Suk.",7.3,2033,32,"['Joo Ji Hoon', 'Jin Se Yeon', 'Kim Kang Woo', 'Kim Yoo Ri', 'Park Won Sang', 'Lee Dae Yeon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Kim Sung Wook,Jung Yi Do
1295,Lawyers of Korea,https://mydramalist.com/773-lawyers-of-korea,"Comedy,  Law,  Romance","Best Friends' Relationship, Lawyer Female Lead, Ex-Boyfriend Comes Back, Strong Male Lead, Strong Female Lead, Riches To Rags, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Love Triangle, Friendship ","Woo Yi Kyung worked at a law firm as a secretary when she fell in love with Byun Hyuk, a rising star attorney in the firm. They lived together for a year before he left for America with no explanation. Six years later, Yi Kyung ends up becoming a lawyer herself and opens her own office. Her first paying case is to represent Han Min Gook in an alimony lawsuit that could cost him 100 billion Won. Han Min Gook's ex-wife, Lee Ae Ri, is Yi Kyung's good friend, and the lawyer representing Ae Ri is none other than Byun Hyuk himself who has returned from America determined to win Yi Kyung back. Yi Kyung is facing a showdown with her friend, Ae Ri, as well as her first love, Byun Hyuk, all while falling for her client Min Gook.",7.3,468,16,"['Lee Soo Kyung', 'Lee Sung Jae', 'Ryu Soo Young', 'Han Da Gam', 'Lee Gun Joo', 'Jung Ho Geun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Yoon Jae Moon,Seo Sook Hyang
1296,Little Mom Scandal,https://mydramalist.com/2129-little-mom-scandal,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","Teenager Female Lead, Miniseries, Teenage Pregnancy, Sexual Content, Pregnancy, Family ",The drama is about a rebellious teenage girl who ends up getting pregnant and being an unwed mother at the age of 18.,7.3,546,8,"['Hwang Jung Eum', 'Im Sung Eon', 'Oh Yi Na', 'Jung  Hee Jung', 'Sun Woo Jae Duk', 'Kim Song Ha']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),CGV,Unknown,Kim Nam Hee
1297,My Secret Hotel,https://mydramalist.com/10698-my-secret-hotel,"Mystery,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Male Chases Female First, Clingy Male Lead, Hotel Setting, Hotel Management, Secret, Orphan Female Lead, Smart Female Lead, Female Rivalry, Second Chance Romance, Sassy Female Lead ","This drama is about a woman who runs the wedding planning division of one of the country’s top 1% wedding destination hotels. And while planning perfect weddings for the elite, she’ll be caught in a love triangle between her ex-husband and a new man while a murder at the hotel turns things topsy-turvy.",7.3,5767,16,"['Jin Yi Han', 'Yoo In Na', 'Namkoong Min', 'Lee Young Eun', 'Ha Yun Joo', 'Uhm Soo Jung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Hong Jong Chan,"Kim Do Hyun,  Kim Ye Ri"
1298,Flower of the Queen,https://mydramalist.com/12022-flower-of-the-queen,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama",Unknown,"South Korean society values success more than anything else. People tirelessly strive to get ahead. Meanwhile, South Korea ranks at the bottom of the list of happy countries in the world. Korea's suicide rate is the highest among developed countries and the third highest in the entire world… There are things that money cannot buy. Money does not bring honor. Power cannot make one happy. Happiness is more powerful than political power, more valuable than riches, and a step above honor.  One mother chases success to live a luxurious lifestyle. A daughter finds success after practically raising herself. Two men love these two women as they pursue happiness. This TV series raises the question of what defines happiness to viewers.(Source: MBC)",7.3,302,50,"['Kim Sung Ryung', 'Lee Jong Hyuk', 'Lee Sung Kyung', 'Yoon Park', 'Yang Jung Ah', 'Go Woo Ri']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Kim Min Shik,  Lee Dae Young",Park Hyun Joo
1299,The Man of My Life,https://mydramalist.com/683713-life-boys,"Comedy,  Romance","Short Length Series, Fortune-telling, Reverse-Harem, Miniseries, Web Series ","Jin Nam Joo gets dumped by her boyfriend, whom she believed was fate, on the first day of the new year. Her fortune-telling dad predicts that three men of destiny will appear before his daughter.(Source: MyDramaList, Naver)",7.3,218,6,"['Park Shi Woo', 'Kim Jin Gon', 'Kim Sun Min', 'Kang Min Woo', 'Kwon Se Eun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
1300,We Broke Up,https://mydramalist.com/13812-we-broke-up,"Music,  Romance,  Youth","Adapted From A Webtoon, Band, Older Woman/Younger Man, Cohabitation, Web Series, Coming Of Age, Love Triangle, Love/Hate Relationship, Housemates' Relationship, Short Length Series ","Ji Won Yeong is an aspiring musician and the lead singer of a band while No Woo Ri works at a fashion company. The two met at one of Won Yeong's gigs and their relationship blossomed. Soon, they agreed to live together. Things got complicated when they both decided to break up.Due to complications with the security deposit and the loan on the apartment, the two have no choice but to keep living together as roommates until the contract is up and when they're financially able to leave...""",7.3,3519,10,"['Sandara Park', 'Kang Seung Yoon', 'Kang Seung Hyun', 'Jang Ki Yong', 'Lee Bum Kyu', 'Bae Jung Nam']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Jeon Seon Young
1301,I Need Romance,https://mydramalist.com/2411-i-need-romance,"Comedy,  Romance","Manager Female Lead, Photographer Supporting Character, Director Male Lead, Lawyer Female Lead, Break Up, Independent Female Lead, Modeling, Steamy Kiss, Skinship, Healing ","Sunwoo In Young has been dating the same man for the past 10 years and, at 33 years old, is waiting for the big question. When she finds out he's cheated on her, she flat out breaks up with him, determined to continue her life. At the same time, her best friends Park Seo Yeon and Kang Hyun Joo face their own relationship problems. A sex-and-the-city style story about three woman who face the ups and downs of being career minded at an age where society expects them to be married.",7.3,4830,16,"['Cho Yeo Jung', 'Kim Jeong Hoon', 'Choi Yeo Jin', 'Choi Song Hyun', 'Choi Jin Hyuk', 'Kim Hyung Min']",Not Yet Rated,tvN,Lee Chang Han,Jung Hyun Jung
1302,Rich Man,https://mydramalist.com/26135-rich-man-poor-woman,"Business,  Comedy,  Romance,  Melodrama","Prosopagnosia, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Eccentric Male Lead, MDL Remake, Entrepreneur Male Lead, Friendship, Pathetic Female Lead, Weak Female Lead, Slow Burn Romance ","A man suffering from prosopagnosia meets a woman who is unforgettable.Lee Yoo Chan is the founder and CEO of the IT company ""Next In"", which has become the most desirable places to work. He suffers from prosopagnosia, a condition where he can’t recognize faces, and this makes him very guarded and mistrustful of most people.Kim Bo Ra is the pride of her hometown on Jeju Island who came to Seoul to attend college. With her imminent graduation, her dream is to work for Next In. When Bo Ra meets Yoo Chan, will both their lives change in unexpected ways?(Source: Viki)",7.3,10271,16,"['Suho', 'Ha Yeon Soo', 'Oh Chang Seok', 'Kim Ye Won', 'Choi Kwang Il', 'Park Sung Hoon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"DramaX,  Viki",Min Doo Shik,Hwang Jo Yoon
1303,The Man's Voice,https://mydramalist.com/710863-that-guy-s-voice,"Comedy,  Romance,  Fantasy","Part-time Worker Female Lead, Pilot Male Lead, Optimistic Female Lead, Shy Female Lead, Cat, Miniseries, Web Series, Unrequited Love ","A fantasy rom-com about a convenience store part-timer who is searching for a full-time job, a handsome pilot, and his pet cat. The drama tells the story that unfolds when the shy female lead gains the ability to communicate with a cat she coincidentally meets and comes to make some sort of deal with the prickly cat. Baek Tae Hwa is the cat’s owner and an airline co-pilot. He has a good background and handsome looks that would make anyone fall for him. Due to his naturally sweet personality, Baek Tae Hwa has often made women cry without meaning to. The pet hotel he uses suddenly closes before his flight one day, so Baek Tae Hwa ends up entrusting his pet with a woman. Go Mi Rim has an ordinary background and is optimistic by nature. She works part-time at a convenience store while looking for a full-time job. Go Mi Rim agrees to take care of the cat owned by her one-sided love interest, but she starts to hear the cat’s voice after being hit by lightning, setting up the plot for an interesting romance to unfold.(Source: iQiyi)",7.3,1065,8,"['Choi  Tae Joon', 'Song Ji Eun', 'Sung Ji Ru', 'Song Young Jae', 'Bang Eun Hee', 'Kang  Byul']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,"iQiyi,  Viki",Unknown,Kim Kyung Hee
1304,Kokdu,https://mydramalist.com/728279-the-season-of-kokdoo,"Comedy,  Romance,  Medical,  Fantasy","Bickering Mains' Relationship, Fate, Grim Reaper Male Lead, Past Life, Reincarnated Lovers, Curse, Reincarnation, Doctor Female Lead, Flashback To Past, Supernatural Power ","Kkok Du, once a mortal man in ancient Korea, has been transformed into an immortal reaper who visits the mortal world every 99 years to punish humanity for their weaknesses. Over time, Kkok Du has developed a ruthless and merciless nature, leading him to despise humans. During his latest visit, Kkok Du takes over the body of a talented young doctor named Do Jin Woo.However, Kkok Du's task becomes complicated as he is forced to carry out Jin Woo's medical duties. Through this unexpected circumstance, Kkok Du meets Han Gye Jeol, a doctor who graduated from a low-ranking medical school. Despite her background, Kkok Du discovers that Gye Jeol possesses mysterious powers that seem to have an enchanting effect on him. Could their fate be connected from a past life, and why does she hold this power over him?As Kkok Du struggles to complete his mission, he finds himself increasingly drawn to Gye Jeol, leaving him with a dilemma: follow his duty or risk it all for love.(Source: Viki; edited by CK Warrior at MyDramaList)",7.3,3234,16,"['Kim Jung Hyun', 'Im Soo Hyang', 'Kim Da Som', 'Ahn Woo Yeon', 'Cha Chung Hwa', 'Kim In Kwon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Baek Soo Chan,  Kim Ji Hoon","Heo Joon Woo,  Kang Yi Hun"
1305,Jinxed at First,https://mydramalist.com/697887-jinx-s-lover,"Mystery,  Romance,  Fantasy,  Melodrama","Cohabitation, Supernatural, Deity Female Lead, Clairvoyance, Unlucky Male Lead, Fated Love, Childish Female Lead, Older Man/Younger Woman, Hidden Identity, Special Power ","A fishmonger at a traditional market, Gong Soo Gwang does his best to make an honest living. Unfortunately, he has a reputation for being incredibly unlucky, and as a result, people try to avoid him at all costs. With no one willing to approach him, his business often suffers. No matter how hard Soo Gwang tries, he just can’t seem to find a way to escape his cursed fate, but his life hasn’t always been this bleak.Seven years ago, Soo Gwang had a perfectly normal, happy life, but all that changed when he happened upon Lee Seul Bi, a woman who, despite their brief meeting, changed his life forever. Since that day, every time he dreams of Seul Bi, something terrible happens to him. Though Soo Gwang has no idea why this woman has had such a strange effect on his fortune, Seul Bi does. Having inherited a special ability from their mother, both women can see a person’s future through a single touch. Using this gift to their advantage, a wealthy family has kept Seul Bi and her mother captive for years. When fate allows Seul Bi a rare opportunity to escape, she takes it and runs straight to Soo Gwang.Standing face-to-face with the woman who started his streak of bad luck all those years ago, Soo Gwang isn’t sure whether he should help Seul Bi or run from her. With one desperate for freedom and the other desperate to change their fate, will Soo Gwang and Seul Bi become each other’s greatest ally or worst enemy?(Source: Viki)~~ Adapted from the webtoon “The Jinx’s Lover” (징크스의 연인) by writer Han Ji Hye (한지혜) and illustrator Gu Seul (구슬).",7.3,4664,16,"['Seo Hyun', 'Na In Woo', 'Jeon Kwang Ryul', 'Yoon  Ji Hye', 'Ki Do Hoon', 'Cha Kwang Soo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"KBS2,  Viki",Yoon Sang Ho,Jang Yoon Mi
1306,Women of the Sun,https://mydramalist.com/1233-women-of-the-sun,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Dark Past, Missing Child, Orphan Female Lead, Evil Sister, Jealousy ","Shin Do Young is an announcer who instigates the jealously of all women around her because of her superior looks, great abilities, and great background. But Do Young has a deep, dark secret. She was actually abandoned at an orphanage when she was young but luckily she was adopted by a nice couple. The couple were unable to have their own children but were surprised when their biological daughter was born. Do Young, afraid that her parents would no longer love her anymore abandoned her 5 year old little sister, Ji Young, at a train station. Years have passed and Do Young meets a joyful girl, Sa Wol, who becomes her personal shopper. What happens when Do Young's terrible misdeed is revealed and that Sa Wol is actually the sister she abandoned at the train station all those years ago?",7.3,399,20,"['Lee  Ha Na', 'Kim Jee Soo', 'Han Jae Suk', 'Jung Gyu Woon', 'Lee Ra Hye', 'Lee Yoo Jung']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Bae Kyung Soo,Kim In Young
1307,"Persevere, Goo Hae Ra",https://mydramalist.com/12036-perseverance-goo-hae-ra,"Music,  Romance,  Youth","Friends To Lovers, Love Triangle, Friendship ","Goo Hae Ra, who is an aspiring musician is seeking stardom. She wishes to release the music of her deceased father but faces numerous obstacles. Hae Ra is then joined by twin brothers in her quest for stardom, on the musical competition show ""Superstar K2"".(Source: IMDb)",7.3,2435,12,"['Min Hyo Rin', 'Kwak Shi Yang', 'Jung Jin Young', 'Henry Lau', 'Park Kwang Seon', 'Sung Eun']",Not Yet Rated,Mnet,"Kim Yong Bum,  An Joon Young","Jung Soo Hyun,  Shin Myung Jin"
1308,Love Alarm,https://mydramalist.com/22126-love-alarm,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Mobile App, Male Chases Female First, Love Triangle, First Love, Trauma, Rich Male Lead, Adapted From A Webtoon, Tragic Past, Heartbreak, Bromance ","The cellphone app Love Alarm is created. If someone likes you and they are within 10 meters of you, the alarm for the app rings. The app also shows how many people like you, but the app doesn't reveal specific details on who likes you. Kim Jo Jo is a high school student. She is pretty and smart. She seems like a cheerful person, but her parents died when she was young. Since the death of her parents, Kim Jo Jo has lived with her aunt's family. Living there is not easy for Kim Jo Jo. She doesn't download the app as her phone isn’t new enough.Meanwhile, Hwang Sun Oh is a popular male student at the same high school that Kim Jo Jo attends. He is the son of a wealthy family, but he is not loved by his parents. His best friend, Lee Hye Yeong, also attends the same high school. Hwang Sun Oh notices that his best friend, Lee Hye Yeong, likes Kim Jo Jo. Hwang Sun Oh wants to know if his friend really likes her, so he kisses her.(Source: Dramanice)",7.3,53214,8,"['Kim So Hyun', 'Jung Ga Ram', 'Song Kang', 'Go Min Si', 'Song Sun Mi', 'Kim Young Pil']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Netflix,Lee Na Jung,"Lee Ah Yeon,  Seo Bo Ra"
1309,One Well-Raised Daughter,https://mydramalist.com/8433-one-well-raised-daughter,"Business,  Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Family Dispute, Soap Opera, Family Relationship, Hidden Identity, Misunderstanding, Strong Female Lead, Marriage, Cross-Dressing ","Jang Ha Na is the fourth daughter of the eldest son of a family that’s been making soy sauce for hundred of years. She has to dress up like a man because of their financial situation. The family needs a male representative for their soy sauce business. After giving birth to four daughters, they gave up for trying for the male heir and the fourth daughter will just have to pretend to be a boy and act like a son within the family.",7.3,888,122,"['Park Han Byul', 'Lee Tae Gon', 'Jung Eun Woo', 'Yoon  Se In', 'Kim Joo Young', 'Lee Hye Sook']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Jo Young Kwang,Yoon Young Mi
1310,Strangers Again,https://mydramalist.com/721951-can-i-be-someone-else,"Law,  Romance,  Drama","Bickering Mains' Relationship, Ex-spouse Relationship, Unhealthy Mains' Relationship, Second Chance Romance, Love/Hate Relationship, Co-workers' Relationship, Miscommunication, Slight Comedy, Secondary Couple, Failing Marriage ","Oh Ha Ra is a hotshot divorce lawyer whose nickname in legal circles is “the “goddess of litigation.” One of the reasons she is such a dab hand at divorce proceedings, perhaps, is the fact that she has divorced her long-time lover and fellow lawyer Goo Eun Beom. But her relatively uneventful life is turned upside down when she is unexpectedly reunited with her ex-husband – in the law courts!The duo is forced to work together – leading them to butt heads and reignite past grievances. While their professionalism prevents them from telling each other what they really think in public, tempers begin to fray...and risk boiling over. The tense atmosphere is not relieved in the slightest by fellow divorce lawyers Kang Bi Chwi and Kwon Si Wook, another pair of advocates who always seem to get under one another’s skin! Will Cupid rescue this group of lawyers – or will chaos break loose in the courtroom?(Source: Viki)",7.3,3464,12,"['Kang So Ra', 'Jang Seung Jo', 'Jo Eun Ji', 'Lee Jae Won', 'Jeon Bae Soo', 'Kil Hae Yeon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"ENA,  Genie TV,  Viki",Son Jae Gon,Park Jin Ri
1311,Goddess of Fire,https://mydramalist.com/6824-goddess-of-fire-jeongi,"Historical,  Romance,  Drama","Historical Figure, Pottery, Historical Fiction, Art, Edo Period, Gwanghae, Joseon Dynasty, Cross-Dressing ","Joseon-era pottery was notable for its best quality and advanced baking method in the late 16th century. Baek Pa Seon, the woman of fire, was Joseon's first female potter and was regarded as the dojo of Shintaro porcelain. Crown Prince Gwang Hae loved her deeply but had to let her go. This TV series depicts her early life in Joseon instead of Japan, where a shrine is dedicated to her.(Source: MBC)",7.3,1873,32,"['Moon Geun Young', 'Lee Sang Yoon', 'Kim Bum', 'Seo Hyun Jin', 'Jeon Kwang Ryul', 'Lee Jong Won']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Jeong Dae Yun,  Park Sung Soo",Kwon Soon Gyu
1312,"I Hate You, Juliet!",https://mydramalist.com/31441-i-hate-you-juliet,"Romance,  Drama,  Supernatural","Web Series, Mind Reading, Film Industry, School Setting, Short Length Series, University, Student, Youth ","After an electric shock, a top celebrity is suddenly able to hear a script writer's thoughts. Knowing her true thoughts and feelings, he finds himself falling madly in love with her! But when he loses his ability to read her mind, would he still be able to win her heart?(Source: Viki)",7.3,1753,18,"['Lee Hong Ki', 'Jung Hye Sung', 'Choi Woong', 'Moon Soo Bin', 'Lee Il Hwa', 'Park Hyun Sook']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,"Oksusu,  Viki",Kim Jung Kwon,Unknown
1313,Reset,https://mydramalist.com/8882-reset-2014,"Mystery,  Drama","Prosecutor Male Lead, Investigation, Miniseries, Death, Murder, Amnesia ","Cha Woo Jin is a prosecutor. Fifteen years ago, he lost his first love Seung Hee to a crime. Since then, he has devoted himself to violent crime cases. While he looks for a criminal, a female high school student Jo Eun Bi becomes involved in the case. Section Chief Han and a prosecution investigation officer work with Cha Woo Jin.",7.3,1132,10,"['Chun Jung Myung', 'Kim So Hyun', 'Park Won Sang', 'Shin Eun Jung', 'Song  Ha Yoon', 'Choi Jae Woong']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,OCN,"Kim Yong Kyoon,  Kim Pyung Joong",Jang Hyuk Rin
1314,Matching! Boys Archery,https://mydramalist.com/19924-matching-boys-archery,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth,  Sports","Archery, Miniseries, Web Series, Bromance, Student Supporting Character, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Coach Supporting Character, Webtoon Artist Female Lead, Athlete Supporting Character ","A girl dreaming about becoming a webtoon artist. In order to find material, she approaches an archery club full of good-looking boys by becoming the team's manager.",7.3,1980,8,"['Baek Chul Min', 'Seo Ji Hoon', 'Kei', 'Kim Chang Hwan', 'Jo Jae Yoon', 'Cha Yeon Woo']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
1315,Love Story in Harvard,https://mydramalist.com/789-love-story-in-harvard,"Romance,  Youth,  Drama","University, Love Triangle, Lovers Separated, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Young Adult Female Lead, Young Adult Male Lead, Lawyer Supporting Character, Social Issues ","It portrays the dream and love pursued by foreign students studying at Harvard. It demonstrates bright, hard-working, and romantic characters and storylines.A young love story set at the famed Ivy League school in the United States. Kim Hyun Woo, a 1st-year law student at Harvard Law, enters into a rivalry with classmate Hong Jung Min for the affection of beautiful medical student Lee Soo In. The two men are both from prestigious families, while Soo In is from a poor family. Can the trio resolve their romantic differences and chase their dreams at the same time?",7.3,1450,16,"['Kim Rae Won', 'Kim Tae Hee', 'Lee Jung Jin', 'Jung Sol Hee', 'Lee Cham', 'Kim Min']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Lee Jang Soo,  Lee Jin Suk","Choi Wan Kyu,  Son Eun Hye"
1316,Longing for Spring,https://mydramalist.com/12424-drawing-spring,"Comedy,  Romance","Childhood Friends' Relationship, Male Chases Female First, Web Series, Friends To Lovers, Unrequited Love, First Love, Equinophobia, Love Triangle, Animal, Friendship ","Mal Ja, who is a part-time worker for the Korean Racing Authority, loves all living creatures but has experienced trauma with horses. Pebble, her best friend, would like to be more than friends and feels threatened by the arrival of a celebrity jockey who shows interest in Mal Ja.(Source: MyDramaList)",7.3,1436,4,"['Lee Won Keun', 'Song Ji Eun', 'Yeo Woon', 'Ahn Ji Ho']",G - All Ages,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
1317,Dr. Champ,https://mydramalist.com/319-dr.-champ,"Romance,  Medical,  Sports",Unknown,"Kim Yeon Woo is an orthopedic doctor who takes up a new post at Taereung National Village, the training center for national Olympic athletes, after she is fired from her previous job. She becomes romantically involved with Park Ji Heon, a young judo athlete, and Lee Do Wook, the short-tempered, crippled director of the facility who is still haunted by the injury that had cut short his speed-skating career. This is further complicated by the presence of the swimming coach, Hee Young, who becomes her rival for the attentions of Do Wook.",7.3,1575,16,"['Kim So Yeon', 'Jung Gyu Woon', 'Uhm Tae Woong', 'Cha Ye Ryun', 'Ma Dong Seok', 'Cha Do Jin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Park Hyung Ki,Noh Ji Sul
1318,A Man Called God,https://mydramalist.com/129-a-man-called-god,"Action,  Adventure,  Romance,  Crime","Arrogant Male Lead, Orphan Male Lead, Betrayal, Adapted From A Manhwa, Revenge, Espionage, Rich Male Lead ","Michael King vows to avenge his parents' deaths. He believes that he can use his power as head of an underground drug kingpin to punish those who hurt him. However, his beliefs are shaken when he falls in love with a reporter named Jin Bo Bae.",7.3,1533,24,"['Song Il Gook', 'Han Chae Young', 'Kim Min Jong', 'Han Go Eun', 'Yoo In Young', 'Jo Jin Woong']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Lee Hyung Sun,Lee Hong Goo
1319,Trap,https://mydramalist.com/62891-trap,"Thriller,  Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Young Adult Female Lead, Young Adult Male Lead, Short Length Series, Temptation, University, Steamy Kiss, Multiple Mains ","""Trap"" is a cross between romance and thriller that tells the story of the love, temptation, and betrayal that occurs among university students in their twenties.(Source: Soompi)",7.3,1954,12,"['Woo Da Vi', 'Choi Kyung Hoon', 'Kim Dong Han', 'Son Hyun Woo', 'Park E Hyun', 'Park Xi Yeon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Unknown,Unknown
1320,Operation Proposal,https://mydramalist.com/3152-operation-proposal,"Romance,  Drama,  Sports,  Fantasy","Childhood Crush, Secret Crush, Inferiority Complex, Male Chases Female First, Second Chance, Unrequited Love, Love Triangle, Time Travel, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead ","Kang Baek Ho and Ham Yi Seul have been best friends since elementary school. Baek Ho has never acknowledged his attraction to her, unaware that Yi Seul has been in love with him for more than 20 years. Finally, at the wedding ceremony where Yi Seul is about to marry another man (Jin Won), Baek Ho regrets that he never confessed his love for the bride. A mysterious conductor suddenly appears and offers him a second chance to win Yi Seul's heart. Baek Ho travels back in time to various events of their lives hoping to change the outcome of their relationship. But changing the future is not as easy as it seems.(Source: Wikipedia)",7.3,4369,16,"['Yoo Seung Ho', 'Lee Hyun Jin', 'Park Eun Bin', 'Kim Seung Pil', 'Go In Beom', 'Roh Jeong Eui']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,TV Chosun,Unknown,Yoon Ji Ryun
1321,Yaksha,https://mydramalist.com/962-yaksha,"Action,  Thriller,  Historical,  War","Blood, Bromance, Suspense, Sword-fight, Death, Joseon Dynasty, Love Triangle, Sexual Content, Historical Fiction, Friendship ","Set in a tumultuous period where the political scene is murky and various people fought to gain power and the throne, the young king will do anything to strengthen his shaky position in court. His childhood friend Baek Rok leads a secret military force loyal to the king, called the ""Black Cloud Swords"". Baek Rok lives for his king, his brother Baek Kyul and his lover Jung Yeon, but when his ambitious brother betrays him and leads him into a trap, he finds himself on the run. He becomes a slave and gladiator, eventually returning to Joseon to seek revenge.",7.3,208,12,"['Jo Dong Hyuk', 'Jeon Hye Bin', 'Jang Tae Hoon', 'Seo Do Young', 'Park Won Sang', 'Jang  Yoon Seo']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),OCN,Kim Hong Seon,Unknown
1322,Summer Scent,https://mydramalist.com/1201-summer-scent,"Romance,  Melodrama","Summer Setting, Florist Female Lead, Heart Transplant, Love Square, Second Chance, Love Triangle ",Three year's previously Min Woo lost his first love in a tragic accident. As he struggles on with life he meets Hye Won who reminds him of his lost love but is racked with emotion and confusion as his feelings for these two women become intertwined. Unbeknownst to the florist Hye Won she has received her heart transplant and a second chance at life from Min Woo's first love. When the two cross paths Hye Won notices her unusual heart beat. Nobody knew it was her heart that remembered and beats strong for her lost love Min Woo. As Hye Won starts falling in love with Min Woo soon the conflict erupts between the lovely florist and her fiance Jung Jae.,7.3,1632,20,"['Song Seung Heon', 'Son Ye Jin', 'Ryu Jin', 'Han Ji Hye', 'Ha Jae Young', 'Shin Ae']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Yoon Seok Ho,"Choi Ho Yeon,  Kim Eun Hee,  Yoon Eun Kyung"
1323,The King of the Desert,https://mydramalist.com/729557-the-king-of-the-desert,Drama,"Miniseries, Web Series ",Tells the story of people who believe that money is everything and people who believe that money is not everything.(Source: Korean = Naver || Translation = MyDramaList),7.3,195,6,"['Jin Goo', 'Yang Dong Geun', 'Jung Yi Seo', 'Jang Dong Yoon', 'Kim Jae Hwa', 'Lee Soon Won']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Kim Bo Tong,Unknown
1324,Possessed,https://mydramalist.com/31254-possession,"Horror,  Comedy,  Romance,  Supernatural","Strong Female Lead, Detective Male Lead, Eccentric Male Lead, Ghost-seeing Female Lead, Special Power, Ghost-seeing Male Lead, Shamanism, Graphic Violence, Police Department Setting, Burned Alive ","Kang Pil Sung works as a detective. His instincts as a detective are excellent and he is foul-mouthed. He is both lazy and rough, but he is also soft hearted.Hong Seo Jung has excellent psychic mediumship, but she tries to hide her ability. This causes her to keep a distance from other people and she lives a lonely life.While Kang Pil Sung investigates a case, he happens to meet Hong Seo Jung. He thinks that she is different from others and takes an interest in her. They begin to solve cases together using their special abilities.",7.3,3641,16,"['Song Sae Byuk', 'Go Joon Hee', 'Yeon Jung Hoon', 'Jo Han Sun', 'Lee Won Jong', 'Park Jin Woo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Netflix,  OCN",Choi Do Hoon,Park Hee Gang
1325,Golden Cross,https://mydramalist.com/9337-golden-cross,"Thriller,  Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Revenge, Double Identity, Suspense ","A shadowy society known as ""Golden Cross"" dominates the Korean economy and marketplace with its deep connections and financial power. Prosecutor Kang Do-yoon gets entangled into their dealings when one of their plots gets his beloved sister murdered, a crime for which his father then gets framed. Do-yoon vows revenge on Seo Dong-ha, the powerful man behind the organization, but complications arise when he learns that Seo is the father of the woman he loves, his colleague Seo Yi-re. Yi-re is a righteous and truth-seeking prosecutor; she grew up respecting and obeying her father, and her life is thrown into disarray when she discovers his dark side. Meanwhile, Seo nurtures a protegee, businessman Michael Jang, whose greed and ambition soon makes him challenge his mentor for the top spot. A clash of wills, fortunes, and egos commences.",7.3,689,20,"['Han Da Gam', 'Kim Kang Woo', 'Uhm Ki Joon', 'Jeong Bo Seok', 'Lee Si Young', 'Choi Woo Suk']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Hong Seok Goo,Yoo Hyun Mi
1326,Real School,https://mydramalist.com/2192-real-school,"Comedy,  Youth,  Sitcom","Phobia, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, Teacher Supporting Character, Language Learning ","A sitcom about a group of students who have a phobia of English. They are enrolled in a ""Secret Class"" that is known for a high success rate of teaching students English. Each student has their own 'secrets' and problems with studying English.",7.3,230,40,"['Shin Dong Ho', 'Kim Soo Yeon', 'Joo Ah Reum', 'Do Ji Han', 'Kim Kwang  Soo', 'Hong Yoon Hwa']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC every1,Unknown,Unknown
1327,Green Rose,https://mydramalist.com/708-green-rose,"Thriller,  Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Fugitive, Hidden Identity, Rags To Riches, Second Chance, Revenge, Unrequited Love, Suspense ","Lee Jung Hyun is accused of  attempted murder of his lover Oh Soo Ah's father. He runs away and becomes a fugitive. Later, he returns with a new name and seeks out revenge. Oh Soo Ah who is the successor of the enterprise ""SL Electronic""  has Shin Hyun Tae at her side who has supported her over the years with her father who is in coma.",7.3,866,22,"['Lee Da Hae', 'Go Soo', 'Lee Jong Hyuk', 'Lee Won Jae', 'Sun Woo Jae Duk', 'Jung Sang Hoon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Kim Soo Ryong,Yoo Hyun Mi
1328,Borg Mom,https://mydramalist.com/24810-borg-mom,"Comedy,  Sci-Fi,  Fantasy","Death Of A Mother, Neighborhood Bullying, Famous Male Lead, Grief, Energetic Female Lead, Bright Female Lead, Secret Crush, Motherhood, Mourning, Family Relationship ","Buckinghum nursery school is a highly-competitive preschool where wealthy Korean families send their children. One day, a mysterious mom appears at the school with her child. Choi Go Bong developed a cyborg in the image of his late wife and to test its AI abilities, he is tasking the cyborg to parent his son and mingle with other moms at the competitive preschool, which he considers to be the ultimate test for his top-secret creation. When cyborg mom joins the PTA at Buckinghum nursery school and becomes a member of the invite-only Stylish Mom club, which is a high-status social club consisting of Buckinghum PTA members, she challenges the moms who are engrossed in acquiring higher status and bragging rights with her logical reasoning.(Source: MBC America)",7.3,395,22,"['Yang Dong Geun', 'Park Han Byul', 'Choi Jung Won', 'Hwang Bo Ra', 'Jung Yi Rang', 'Choi Yeo Jin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Sun Hye Yoon,"Choi Woo Joo,  Park Eun Jung"
1329,"Sweet, Savage Family",https://mydramalist.com/15656-sweet-savage-family,"Action,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","MDL Remake, Gangster Male Lead, Family Relationship, Blackmail, Black Comedy, Corruption ","At home, Tae Soo is a nurturing dad and devoted husband but, at work, he is a cold-blooded mobster who metes out punishment and engages in bloody turf battles. While he is a dutiful son to his mother and takes care of all of her needs, he is a middle-aged married man, who cannot depend on his own kids to do the same for him in his old age. He is also in an awkward situation in the gang where he takes orders from the former gang boss and kingmaker while his young gang lieutenants are angling for his job. Tae Soo is trying to do what is best for his family while he has to evade the authorities who keep tabs on his gang activities, waiting to pounce on him once they obtain hard evidence of his criminal activities. “What is so evil about being a mobster? It’s all about making a living!” That’s how Tae Soo sees it.(Source: MBC)",7.3,514,16,"['Moon Jung Hee', 'Jung Joon Ho', 'Yoo  Sun', 'Jung Woong In', 'Kim Eung Soo', 'Jo Dal Hwan']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Kang Dae Sun,Son Geun Joo
1330,Monster,https://mydramalist.com/16419-monster,"Business,  Romance,  Crime,  Melodrama","Power Struggle, Revenge, Blindness, Soap Opera, Murder, Manager Supporting Character, Death Of A Stepfather, Death Of A Brother, Death Of A Mother, Heir Male Lead ","People who commit cruelty against the weak in order to enrich themselves with more money and power while answering to no one are monsters. A man takes on the corrupt elite or “monsters” whose identities are hidden from the public after he loses his family in a conspiracy that was engineered by very powerful people. In a twist, he finds love amid the shady underworld and through this turn of events, this TV miniseries sends a message of noblesse oblige and the true meaning of life.(Source: MBC)",7.3,1432,50,"['Kang Ji Hwan', 'Sung Yoo Ri', 'Park Ki Woong', 'Kim Su Hyun', 'Jin Tae Hyun', 'Jeong Bo Seok']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Joo Sung Woo,"Jang Young Chul,  Jung Kyung Soon"
1331,President,https://mydramalist.com/573-president,"Drama,  Political","Death Of A Mother, Elections, Greed, Slight Romance, Political Intrigue, Forbidden Love, Family Relationship, Blackmail, Corruption, Adapted From A Manga ","Three months before the presidential nominating convention, Jang Il Joon, from the New Wave Party, declared his candidacy. On that same day, a woman died in a gas explosion in Sam Chuk. Yoo Min Ki, a documentary producer, heard of his mother's sudden death and headed back home. As he cast his mother's ashes in the sea, he thought of his childhood: his father always blurted out that Min Ki was not his son whenever he was drunk. After the funeral, Min Ki returned to Seoul and Jang Il Joon asked Min Ki to work as a PR agent to record the election campaign process. When Min Ki asked Il Joon why he was chosen, Il Joon confessed that Min Ki was his son. Min Ki soon begins to suspect that his mother's death was not an accident and that Il Joon had actually killed her. --KBS World",7.3,262,20,"['Ha Hee Ra', 'Choi Soo Jong', 'Wang Ji Hye', 'Kim Heung Soo', 'Jay Kim', 'Sung Min']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Kim Hyung Il,"Son Young Mok,  Son Ji Hye"
1332,The Eccentric Daughter-in-Law,https://mydramalist.com/15084-the-eccentric-daughter-in-law,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Family","Living With In-laws, Older Man/Younger Woman ","Oh In Yeong is a former idol group singer. She belonged to a popular 4 member girl group, but, now, she isn't very popular anymore. In order to boost her flagging popularity, In Yeong agrees to appear in a television reality show that pairs up fake mothers- and daughters-in-law. While filming for the TV show, she meets her scripted mother-in-law Yang Chun Ja, a matriarch of a long-standing traditional clan. They end up hating each other on the show, but as fate would have it, the two later end up becoming mother and daughter-in-law for real.",7.3,1935,12,"['Kim Da Som', 'Go Doo Shim', 'Ryu Soo Young', 'Kwak Hee Sung', 'Kim Yun Seo', 'Kim Sung Hwan']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,"Lee Duk Gun,  Park Man Young",Yoo Nam Kyung
1333,High Society,https://mydramalist.com/13848-high-society,"Business,  Comedy,  Romance,  Melodrama","Second Chance Romance, Steamy Kiss, Sismance, Rich Woman/Poor Man, Antihero Male Lead, Seaside Setting, Heiress Female Lead, Ambitious Male Lead, Smart Male Lead, Mean Mother ","Jang Yoon Ha is the youngest daughter of a chaebol (family-owned conglomeration). Even though her family is extremely wealthy, she holds a part-time job at a food market. She hides her background as an heiress and attempts to find a man that loves her for herself.",7.3,12876,16,"['Uee', 'Sung Joon', 'Park Hyung Sik', 'Im Ji Yeon', 'Yoon Joo Sang', 'Go Doo Shim']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Choi Young Hoon,Ha Myung Hee
1334,Phoenix,https://mydramalist.com/1167-phoenix,"Romance,  Drama","Riches To Rags, Love Square, Rich Man/Poor Woman, First Love, Businessman Male Lead, Orphan Male Lead, Soap Opera ","Love is timing. Love needs just the ""right time"". It's not because you loved him or her less that you parted. Heaven brings you your soul mate when the time is just ""right"". Phoenix shows you this heaven's work.There is a young couple who desperately fell in love but who couldn't be together because the time wasn't just right for them. Years pass by and these two meet again. And the trick of fortune switches their situation and environments. A daughter of a millionaire (Lee Eun Joo) has now become an helper suffering from the grim realities of life. On the other hand, an orphan self-supporting student (Lee Seo Jin) is now an accomplished wealthy businessman. Now these two people are looking at the world with different eyes. The childlike girl has finally learned the harshness of the world and the guy with once twisted mind has learned to enjoy the latitude of mind. In the end, these two start to understand each other, thus arriving at the ""right time"".(MBC Global Media)",7.3,464,26,"['Lee Eun Joo', 'Lee Seo Jin', 'Eric Mun', 'Jung Hye Young', 'Kim Bin Woo', 'Lee Yoo Jin']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,MBC,Oh Kyung Hoon,Lee Yoo Jin
1335,The Duo,https://mydramalist.com/285-the-duo,"Historical,  Romance","Switched At Birth, Love Triangle, Friendship ","The drama tells the story of two men who were switched at birth. A twist of fate results in Chun Doong, who is of noble birth, living his life as a slave and later becoming a heroic outlaw, while Gwi Dong was born as a beggar but lived Chun Dong's life as a nobleman, growing up to become a police chief. They become Jjakpae (Duo / Partner), and both fall in love with the same girl, Dong Nyeo.",7.3,403,32,"['Chun Jung Myung', 'Han Ji Hye', 'Lee Sang Yoon', 'Seo Hyun Jin', 'Joo Bo Bi', 'Im Chae Won']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Im Tae Woo,  Kim Keun Hong,  Lee Sung Joon",Kim Woon Kyung
1336,Angel's Revenge,https://mydramalist.com/8543-angels-revenge,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Religious Female Lead, Immature Male Lead, Car Accident, Male Chases Female First, Strong Female Lead, Lying, Revenge, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Pregnancy, Neurodevelopmental Disorder ","Lee Seon Yoo is training to become a nun. Right before she finally achieves her dream, she learns that her beloved older sister Jin Yoo has died. Jin Yoo was betrayed and killed by her lover, Jang Tae Jung. Tae Jung, a smart, good-looking man from a humble background, had committed himself to lure and marry a tycoon's daughter ""against all odds,"" as part of an effort to get him into the upper class of society.Seon Yoo then meets Seo Ji Seok, an immature man from a rich family whose sister, Ji Hee, is married to Tae Jung. Ji Seok is at risk of losing the inherited family business to Tae Jung and Ji Hee since Ji Seok's mother is the family patriarch's second wife.To take revenge on the man responsible for her sister's death, Seon Yoo gives up her dream of becoming a nun. She marries Ji Seok and becomes Tae Jung's sister-in-law. Thus, Seon Yoo begins leading a double life: she pretends to be the ideal wife and daughter-in-law in front of the Seo family, and only takes off her mask in front of Tae Jung, proving she can be just as ruthless and vicious as Tae Jung. Seon Yoo wears her angel wings while hiding the dagger of revenge.(Source: Wikipedia)",7.3,444,103,"['Park Jung Chul', 'Kwon Yool', 'Yoon So Yi', 'Moon Bo Ryung', 'Jung Yi Yeon', 'Gu Jae Yi']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,"Yoo Jong Sun,  Uh Soo Sun",Lee Hye Seon
1337,I Order You,https://mydramalist.com/14062-i-order-you,"Food,  Comedy,  Romance,  Melodrama","Tragic Past, Love Triangle, Childhood Friends' Relationship, Adapted From A Web Novel, Chef Male Lead, Warm Female Lead, Friendship ","Yeo Gook Dae is a talented chef who is cheeky and charismatic but heartbroken in the past because of his divorce. His emotional pain is hidden behind his brash attitude and enthusiasm for cooking. His heart later on gets healed when he begins to fall in love again. 28-year-old Park Song Ah is idling at home after quitting her job. She goes to a homemade dosirak (lunchbox) shop at her brother's request and meets three attractive men there. The pretty and delicious food that they make touch her, and she gets her heart stolen by one of them. A cute funny story about a couple who bicker constantly but their relationship gradually blossoms into pure innocent love.",7.3,4100,16,"['U-Know', 'Kim Ga Eun', 'Baek Jong Won', 'Jang Seung Jo', 'Gu Jae Yi', 'Jo Yoon Woo']",Not Yet Rated,SBS Plus,Ahn Gil Ho,Oh Bo Hyun
1338,Hip Hop Teacher,https://mydramalist.com/23311-hip-hop-teacher,"Music,  Comedy,  Life","Student Supporting Character, School Setting, Short Length Series, Teacher Female Lead, Ex-Boyfriend Comes Back, Slight Romance, Elementary School, Miniseries, Hip Hop, Sismance ","Bored elementary school teachers decide to have some fun!30 years until retirement. I can’t spend another 30 years like this. Though blessed with a stable job, these elementary school teachers are bored of their lives and decide to bring some positive changes. A music teacher who used to be an enthusiastic hip-hop artist and a temporarily employed English teacher who values spontaneity team up and start a hip-hop class. Two grown-ups who have never realized their true dreams are now supposed to teach children what it’s like to be really ‘cool.’ Are you ready to make your life hip enough?(Source: JTBC)",7.3,390,10,"['Lee Joo Young', 'Yura', 'Ahn Woo Yeon', 'Son Jong Hak', 'Moon Hee Kyung', 'Park Min Su']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"jTBC,  Naver TV Cast",Shim Na Yeon,Unknown
1339,Spy,https://mydramalist.com/12128-spy-2015,"Thriller,  Romance,  Crime,  Political","North Korean Female Lead, Spy Female Lead, Mother-Son Relationship, Suspense ","Hye Rim is a perfect mom inside and out. She pays a lot of attention to her children’s education. She’s also a perfect housewife who supports her husband very well. But in fact, she’s a former North Korean informant.Out of the blue, she’s assigned the mission of recruiting her son, who works for the National Intelligence Service (NIS), into espionage activity. In order to protect her son, she can do anything, even gamble her life.",7.3,1597,16,"['Kim Jae Joong', 'Bae Jong Ok', 'Yoo Oh Sung', 'Go Sung Hee', 'Jo Dal Hwan', 'Kim Min Jae']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Park Hyun Suk,"Han Sang Woon,  Lee Kang"
1340,Miss Lee,https://mydramalist.com/33986-miss-lee,"Business,  Comedy,  Life,  Drama","Workplace Setting, Office Setting, Office Worker Male Lead, Company President (CEO) Female Lead, Hardship, Innocent Female Lead, Cheerful Female Lead, Tough Female Lead, Shy Female Lead, Nice Female Lead ","“Miss Lee” will follow the story of Lee Seon Shim, who starts out at the bottom of the food chain and suddenly finds herself becoming the CEO as she toils to save her company from impending doom after the sudden disappearance of the owner. Although Lee Seon Shim has little in the way of credentials and is initially stuck running all sorts of meaningless errands, her unique brand of optimism allows her to persevere and eventually become an inspirational, one-of-a-kind leader.Yoo Jin Wook is a sharp-tongued realist who has been through his share of hardship. Although his past experiences have left him jaded, cynical, and unfriendly, Yoo Jin Wook finds his passion reignited after Lee Seon Shim becomes CEO, and he winds up becoming her brutally honest—but helpful—mentor.(Source: Soompi)",7.3,332,16,"['Lee Hye Ri', 'Kim Sang Kyung', 'Cha Seo Won', 'Uhm Hyun Kyung', 'Jeong Hee Tae', 'Baek Ji Won']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Han Dong Hwa,Park Jung Hwa
1341,Best Chicken,https://mydramalist.com/30613-best-chicken,"Food,  Business,  Comedy,  Romance","Best Friends' Relationship, Restaurant Setting, Restaurateur Male Lead, Webtoon Artist Male Lead, Brothers' Relationship, Chasing A Dream, Absent Father, Grandpa-Granddaughter Relationship, Secret Crush, Nice Male Lead ","A man works for a big company although his dream is to run a chicken restaurant. A  woman who lives at a bathhouse that her late grandfather left behind, only leaves her home when she absolutely has to.  She wants to become a webtoon writer. These two meet and grow with each other.(Source: MyDramaList)",7.3,1588,12,"['Park Sun Ho', 'Kim So Hye', 'Joo Woo Jae', 'Lee Seung Hyub', 'Myung Gye Nam', 'Kim Seo Ra']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"DramaX,  MBN,  Viki",Lee Seung Hoon,"Jo Ah Young,  Park Chan Young"
1342,Rosy Lovers,https://mydramalist.com/10944-rosy-lovers,"Romance,  Family","Cold Female Lead, Naive Female Lead, Multiple Couples, Melodrama ","Love begins with pure feelings and intentions among young people, but then at some point, they have to take the next step in the relationship that entails commitment and a bigger responsibility. This is a story about a young man who gets back on his feet after being dealt with an unexpected blow. Along the way, he finds the answer to his problems and searches for happiness. A young dad who is still in college has to grow up fast to take care of his family but he brings hopes to others with the way he overcomes the many obstacles that lay in his path.(Source: MBC)",7.3,817,52,"['Lee Jang Woo', 'Han Sun Hwa', 'Park Sang Won', 'Han Ji Sang', 'Kim Min Seo', 'Choi Phillip']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Yoon Jae Moon,Kim Sa Kyung
1343,Monstar,https://mydramalist.com/6497-monstar,"Music,  Romance,  Youth","High School, Love Triangle, School Bullying, Transfer Student Female Lead, Student Supporting Character, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Idol Male Lead, Teenager Supporting Character, Teenager Female Lead ","Sul Chan, a member of Korea's most popular K-Pop boy band 'Men in Black', is provoked into pushing one of his crazy fans, and when that goes viral, his reputation plummets. As damage control, his agency tells him to quietly attend school for a while. Meanwhile, Se Yi, a new transfer student from New Zealand, draws attention in the school for both her talent and oddness. Misunderstandings occur between Seol Chan, Se Yi, and their other classmates. But in the midst of all the chaos, these students find a common interest which connects them to each other: music. As they gather together to sing and play the music they love, they learn to soothe the pain inside them, and to open each of their souls.(Source: Wikipedia)",7.3,11220,12,"['Yong Jun Hyung', 'Ha Yeon Soo', 'Kang Ha Neul', 'Ahn Nae Sang', 'Kim Min Young', 'Park Kyu Sun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Mnet,Kim Won Suk,"Kim Tae Hee,  Jung Yoon Jung"
1344,Playful Kiss,https://mydramalist.com/20-playful-kiss,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Cohabitation, Adapted From A Manga, First Love, Unrequited Love, High School, Love Triangle, Female Chases Male First, Supportive Mother-in-Law, Smart Male Lead, Mean Male Lead ","Oh Ha Ni is a clumsy high school student who falls for perfectionist Baek Seung Jo. However, Seung Jo is indifferent towards her and rejects her love. When Ha Ni's house collapses, she and her father move into his long-time friend's house. As fate would have it, Seung Jo turns out to be the best friend's eldest son, and Ha Ni is given the opportunity to be near the boy she loves. Will she be able to move Seung Jo's heart?(Source: TVDB)~~ Adapted from the manga series ""Itazura na Kiss"" (イタズラなKiss) by Tada Kaoru (多田かおる).",7.2,46827,16,"['Kim Hyun Joong', 'Jung So Min', 'Lee Tae Sung', 'Hong Yoon Hwa', 'Yoon Seung Ah', 'Lee Si Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Hwang In Roe,  Kim Jung Hyun,  Kim Do Hyung",Unknown
1345,A Man in a Veil,https://mydramalist.com/63479-the-secret-man,"Business,  Romance,  Drama,  Family","Hidden Identity, Revenge, Rich Male Lead, Poor Female Lead, Intellectual Disability, Nice Female Lead, Child Abandonment, Sisters' Relationship, Jealousy, Nice Male Lead ","After a childhood accident, Tae Poong’s development is stunted. He’s caught between two sisters, warm-hearted Yu Jung who waits for Tae Poong, and Yu Ra, Yu Jung’s twin sister who is completely different from her and uses Tae Poong for her own desires. This drama follows the intriguing story of a man navigating the challenges of love, life, and the occasional miracle.(Source: Viki)",7.2,341,105,"['Kang Eun Tak', 'Uhm Hyun Kyung', 'Lee Chae Young', 'Lee Shi Kang', 'Eru', 'Yang  Mi Kyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Shin Chang Seok,Lee Jung Dae
1346,Queen of the Game,https://mydramalist.com/1173-queen-of-the-game,"Romance,  Drama,  Family,  Melodrama","Lovers Separated, Organ Transplantation, Betrayal, Revenge, Riches To Rags, Love/Hate Relationship, Amnesia ","23 years ago, Kang Eun Seol's father, Kang Jae Ho, stole the position of Lee Shin Jun's father. This led to Lee Shin Jun's father to commit suicide with his wife and son. Now 23 years later, Lee Shin Jun, now known as Chase, wants revenge and isn't going to stop until he gets it. He makes Kang Eun Seol fall for him so that he can get to her father. But there is a twist, Lee Shin Jun has also fallen in love with Kang Eun Seol, but Lee Shin Jun's partner, Park Joo Won loves him too... Later Eun Seol finds out about Shin Jun's revenge plot against her father.(Source: DramaWiki)",7.2,588,20,"['Joo Jin Mo', 'Lee Bo Young', 'Kim Su Hyun', 'Choi Joon Yong', 'Kim Hee Jung', 'Kim  Ka Yeon']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Unknown,Lee Yoo Jin
1347,Athena,https://mydramalist.com/172-athena-goddess-of-war,"Action,  Thriller,  Romance","Double Identity, Nuclear Threat, Double Agent, Gun Fight, Assassination, Love At First Sight, Hidden Identity, Love Square, Female Rivalry, Jealousy ","A terrorist group known as ""Athena"" and led by evil mastermind Son Hyuk threatens South Korea and the world. It is now up to special agent Lee Jung Woo of the National Security Agency to foil their terrifying conspiracy. Jo Soo Young, the daughter of the South Korean president, is kidnapped and hidden away in Italy. Jung Woo and his team are given the assignment to find her and bring her back.",7.2,2353,20,"['Jung Woo Sung', 'Park Soo Ae', 'Lee Ji Ah', 'Cha Seung Won', 'Kim Min Jong', 'Choi Si Won']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Hwang Jung Hyun,  Kim Young Joon,  Kim Tae Hoon","Kim Hyun Joon,  Yoo Nam Kyung"
1348,A Good Day for the Wind to Blow,https://mydramalist.com/204-a-good-day-for-the-wind-to-blow,"Comedy,  Romance,  Melodrama","Cheerful Female Lead, Cold Man/Warm Woman, Nice Male Lead, Married Life, Nice Mother-in-Law, Older Man/Younger Woman, Multiple Mains, Age Gap [Drama Life], Age Gap [Real Life], Illustrator Female Lead ","Kwon Oh Bok is a 19-year-old young woman and an orphan who refuses to give up her dream of becoming a top illustrator. Because she grew up poor (and is still struggling), she is extremely frugal, and maintains an optimistic outlook on things. Kwon Oh Bok has nothing that she can call her own in her life-time, not even the little room that she stays in. However, her hot temper will flares whenever she witness any injustice.(Source: DramaWiki)",7.2,349,173,"['Kim So Eun', 'Jin Yi Han', 'Seo Hyo Rim', 'Kang Ji Sub', 'Lee Hyun Jin', 'Jung Seung Ho']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS1,Lee Duk Gun,Son Ji Hye
1349,Queen of Housewives,https://mydramalist.com/574-queen-of-housewives,"Romance,  Youth","Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, School Friends' Relationship, Classmates' Relationship, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, Extramarital Affair, Unemployed Husband, Loveless Marriage ","Chun Ji Ae and Yang Bong Soon are high school classmates who did not have the best relationship with each other. Ji Ae was the most popular girl in school whereas Bong Soon was the girl that was always made fun of. Years later, their roles are reversed as Bong Soon's husband, Han Joon Hyuk, is very successful whereas Ji Ae's husband, Ohn Dal Soo, is just an average company worker. Things get complicated when Dal Soo starts an extra-marital affair with his boss's wife, Eun So Hyuk. How will Ji Ae react to this?",7.2,647,20,"['Kim Nam Joo', 'Choi Chul Ho', 'Yoon Sang Hyun', 'Lee Hye Young', 'Oh Ji Ho', 'Sun Woo Sun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Kim Min Shik,  Go Dong Sun",Park Ji Eun
1350,The School Nurse Files,https://mydramalist.com/32566-nurse-teacher-ahn-eun-young,"Mystery,  Horror,  Comedy,  Supernatural","Ghost-seeing Female Lead, Exorcism, High School, Brave Female Lead, Adapted From A Novel, Special Power, Eccentric Female Lead, Slight Romance, Supernatural Phenomena, Monsters ","An Eun Young is a new nurse teacher at school. She has a special ability to see jelly like monsters that are made from residue of human desire and she can also eradicate these jellies. She uses a toy knife and a BB gun to take out the jellies. She senses that a mysterious event takes place at her school.Hong In Pyo is a Chinese language teacher at the same school. Hong In Pyo has a special energy. In order to protect the students, An Eun Young and Hong In Pyo work together to eradicate these jellies.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.2,10229,6,"['Jung Yu Mi', 'Nam Joo Hyuk', 'Lee Joo Young', 'Yoo Teo', 'Kim Dong Hyun', 'Jang Joon Hyun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Netflix,Lee Kyung Mi,Chung Se Rang
1351,If in Love Like Them,https://mydramalist.com/682-if-in-love-like-them,"Music,  Romance,  Drama","Gangster Supporting Character, Singer Female Lead, Leukemia, Return To Hometown, Road Trip, Singing, Miniseries, Death, Cancer ",Lee Na is a rising singer who was about to debut but tragedy struck her when she found out she had leukemia. Another girl took her place and sang her debut song at her concert. Now everybody thinks that the other girl is her. Jung Tae survived a department store collapse only to find out that he has cancer. Lee Na and Jung Tae meet and fall in love.,7.2,536,4,"['Lee Dong Gun', 'Lee Hyo Ri', 'Ha Seok Jin', 'Shin Dong Yup', 'Jung Woo', 'Park Young Soo']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,SBS,Unknown,Unknown
1352,The Great Seer,https://mydramalist.com/4713-the-great-seer,"Historical,  Romance,  Supernatural,  War","Clairvoyance, Historical Fiction, Retrocognition, Special Power, Precognition, Goryeo Dynasty, Joseon Dynasty, Political ","The Great Seer begins during the reign of King Gong Min. But despite being about seers, geomancers, divinators and the like, this drama is less about the fantasy and more about the political movers and shakers — people who had the power to advise, and therefore control, kings. Mok Ji Sang is a gifted seer/geomancer, born with the ability to see into people’s pasts and futures. There are those who believe falsely that he has dark supernatural powers, thinking him possessed by ghosts. He eventually becomes a ""king-maker,"" who holds the key to a major political shift in the overthrow of Goryeo and the rise of Joseon when he backs General Yi and effectively shapes the future of Korea as we know it.(Source: Wikipedia)",7.2,777,35,"['Ji Sung', 'Ji Jin Hee', 'Kim So Yeon', 'Song Chang Eui', 'Lee Yoon Ji', 'Lee Moon Shik']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Lee Yong Seok,"Nam Sun Nyun,  Park Sang Hee"
1353,Left-Handed Wife,https://mydramalist.com/32275-left-handed-wife,"Mystery,  Business,  Romance,  Melodrama","Orphan Male Lead, Identity Swap, Amnesia, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Rich Male Lead, First Love, Lovers Separated, Art, Marketing Industry, Cosmetic Industry ","Lee Soo Ho and Oh San Ha are deeply in love. They have their wedding and go on a honeymoon. During their honeymoon, Soo Ho has an accident and loses his memory. Meanwhile, San Ha does not know what happened to her husband and tries to find him. A conspiracy lurks beneath.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.2,293,103,"['Lee Soo Kyung', 'Kim Jin Woo', 'Ha Yun Joo', 'Jin Tae Hyun', 'Kim Byung Gi', 'Lee Seung Yeon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Kim Myung Wook,Moon Eun Ah
1354,Lonely Enough to Love,https://mydramalist.com/60353-love-is-annoying-but-i-hate-being-lonely,"Psychological,  Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Cohabitation, Love Triangle, Doctor Male Lead, Reverse-Harem, Mischievous Male Lead, Righteous Female Lead, Male Chases Female First, Housemates' Relationship, Editor Female Lead, Psychiatrist Male Lead ","A story of young people residing at a co-living house. They do want to date, but they don't want to be serious. They prefer being free, but they also don't want to be lonely.Cha Kang Woo is a single man in his 30's and he works as a psychiatrist. He is full of curiosity about human beings. Even though he is an attractive man, he is afraid of having a romantic relationship due to trauma from his past. A woman appears in front of him and he begins to have feelings for her.Lee Na Eun is a freelance copy editor. She is generous to good people, but she does not tolerate injustice. She hopes to become a novelist one day. Due to her situation, she has not had a boyfriend in 4 years. She begins to stay at the co-living house and develops romantic feelings.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.2,1845,10,"['Ji Hyun Woo', 'Kim So Eun', 'Park Geon Il', 'Han Ji Wan', 'Ha Young', 'Gongchan']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC every1,Lee Hyun Joo,Jo Jin Kook
1355,When Time Stopped,https://mydramalist.com/29516-that-time-when-time-stops,"Romance,  Drama,  Fantasy","Special Power, Hardship, Debt Passed To Children, Fated Love, Time Manipulation, Character Development, Reincarnation, Supernatural, Time Travel, Cheerful Female Lead ","A man who can stop time meets a woman unaffected by time.Moon Joon Woo is a seemingly-ordinary person, except for the fact that he can stop time. His special ability makes him lonely and he finds no meaning in life. When he needs somewhere to live, he moves into a basement owned by the building owner, Kim Sun Ah. Kim Sun Ah is a hard-working, financially struggling girl who appears to have much joy in her life, but in fact struggles to pay off her father's debt. Joon Woo finds that when he stops time, Sun Ah is not affected and continues to walk amongst a time-stopped world. With bubbly Sun Ah by his side, can the lonely Joon Woo begin to find the meaning of his existence?(Source: AJ at MyDramaList)",7.2,3288,12,"['Kim Hyun Joong', 'Ahn  Ji Hyun', 'In Gyo Jin', 'Baek Sang Hee', 'Im Ha Ryong', 'Joo Seok Tae']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS1,Kwak Bong Cheol,Ji Ho Jin
1356,Best Mistake Season 3,https://mydramalist.com/706541-best-mistake-season-3,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth,  Drama","University, Friendship, Love Triangle, Multiple Couples, Character Development, Ex-Boyfriend Comes Back, Break Up, Unrequited Love, Ex-girlfriend Comes Back, Web Series ","The new season will take place in a college setting, showing the growth and romance of young people as they prepare to enter the real world.(Source: Soompi)",7.2,1059,16,"['Lee Eun Jae', 'Kang Yul', 'Kim Won Pil', 'Kang Hye Won', 'Yoon Hyun Suk', 'Keum Dong Hyun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,vLive,Unknown,Unknown
1357,Vacation,https://mydramalist.com/2706-vacation,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama",Miniseries ,The popular Kgroup TVXQ was preparing for a concert...It's been already 4 years since they debuted... During that time the members had stress piled up as well as disharmony between them. So the president delays their concert and gives each member 2 weeks of vacation. Each member leaves for their own vacation while dreaming about their daily escape. The strange and funny things that happen during their vacation... An omnibus TV drama with 4 episodes and 4 different colors...,7.2,1192,4,"['Park Yoo Chun', 'Shim Chang Min', 'Park Hee Bon', 'Kim Jae Joong', 'U-Know', 'XIA']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,OCN,Unknown,Unknown
1358,Born Again,https://mydramalist.com/54921-born-again,"Mystery,  Romance,  Fantasy,  Melodrama","Fated Love, Reincarnation, Love Triangle, Fate, Cold Man/Warm Woman, Character Development, Death, 1980s, Second Chance, Unrequited Love ","Life, death and second chances take center stage in this story about three people whose intertwined destinies travel through space and time with haunting results. It’s the 1980s and Detective Cha Hyung Bin has devoted his life to criminal justice, and his heart to Ha Eun, a bookshop owner suffering from heart disease who keeps her illness a secret. But Cha Hyung Bin isn’t the only one pining after Ha Eun: serial killer Gong Ji Chul has also fallen in love with her. Their lives collide with tragic results, but 30 years later, they’re reincarnated and fate brings them together again. The more time passes, the more their new lives become tangled in the devastating web of history. Will they manage to escape the past, or be forced to come face to face with it?(Source: Viki)",7.2,4269,32,"['Jang Ki Yong', 'Jin Se Yeon', 'Lee Soo Hyuk', 'Jung In Kyum', 'Choi Kwang Il', 'Kim Jung Nan']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Jin Hyung Wook,Jung Soo Mi
1359,Surplus Princess,https://mydramalist.com/10424-surplus-princess,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Fantasy","Interspecies Romance, Prosopagnosia, Unrequited Love, Mermaid Female Lead, Cohabitation, Multiple Couples, Love Square, Height Difference, Share House Setting, Housemates' Relationship ","Ha Ni is a mermaid princess in the underwater empire, but she falls in love with Shi Kyung, and for him she becomes a human being and begins to live at the In Gyeo House. The house is for people who are preparing to land their first jobs. To permanently become a human being, Ha Ni must make Shi Kyung love her within 100 days.",7.2,10840,10,"['Jo Bo Ah', 'Ohn Joo Wan', 'Song Jae Rim', 'Park Ji Soo', 'Jin Hee Kyung', 'Kim Seul Gi']",Not Yet Rated,tvN,Baek Seung Ryong,Unknown
1360,Wind-Bell,https://mydramalist.com/31232-wind-bell,"Romance,  Drama,  Family","Miniseries, Web Series, Family Relationship, Writer Male Lead, Editor Female Lead, Short Length Series, Tourism, Nice Male Lead ","Set in backdrops of Seoul’s most popular tourist spots including Han River and Bukchon, it is a story about a writer, named Daniel, who was adopted to the US when he was 10 years old, coming back to Korea after becoming a world-class novelist. He decided to come back to Korea to meet his family including his mother who had no option but to put her son up for adoption. While he traces back in memory, he meets Yeo Jin, the editor helping Daniel with the publication of his book in Korea and the two soon realize some undeniable chemistry between them.(Source: Viki)",7.2,1044,10,"['Jung Jin Young', 'Mina', 'Lee Seung Wook', 'Choi Jung Woo', 'Park Hyun Sook', 'Yoon Ji Wook']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,"Naver TV Cast,  Viki",Unknown,Unknown
1361,Valid Love,https://mydramalist.com/10874-valid-love,"Romance,  Life,  Drama,  Family","Marriage, Carpenter Male Lead, Researcher Male Lead, Doctor Supporting Character, Teacher Male Lead, Abusive In Laws, Extramarital Affair, Car Accident, Slow Burn Story, Eccentric Female Lead ","Hee Tae met his future wife, Il Ri, when he worked as a temporary biology teacher at an all-girls high school. Il Ri was a student there. Now, Hee Tae works as a fishery researcher and spends his days in a typical marriage. One day, he learns that his wife is having an affair with a carpenter. He becomes angry for the first time, how is he going to handle this new revelation?",7.2,1690,20,"['Uhm Tae Woong', 'Lee Si Young', 'Lee Soo Hyuk', 'Choi Yeo Jin', 'Ryu Hye Rin', 'Han Soo Yeon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Han Ji Seung,Kim Do Woo
1362,"Hello, God",https://mydramalist.com/1142-hello-god,"Romance,  Drama","Adapted From A Novel, Neurodevelopmental Disorder, Mental Disability, Tearjerker, Disability, Intellectual Disability ","The story is about a bright and innocent 27 years old guy with an IQ of 65. Because of his issues he is neglected by society and frowned upon, but he tries to be optimistic and not let it bother him. Seo Eun Hye, a fumbling swindler running from the cops and who only believes money can bring her happiness, and love will bring more sadness then it's worth. One day she meets this boy and hey completely changes her outlook on life.~~ Adapted from the novel ""Flowers for Algernon"" by Daniel Keyes.",7.2,241,16,"['Yoo Geon', 'Lee Jong Hyuk', 'Kim Ok Bin', 'Kim Seung Wook', 'Choo So Young', 'Shin Choong Shik']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Ji Young Soo,Kang Eun Kyung
1363,Syndrome,https://mydramalist.com/3335-syndrome,"Romance,  Drama,  Medical","Neurosurgeon Male Lead, Arrogant Male Lead ","Yeo Wook is a first-year neuro-surgeon at Seoul Korea Hospital. Born with intelligence and into a wealthy family, he is called “his egocentric highness” in the hospital because of his arrogance. But he has compassionate love in his heart and is determined to conquer the brain by becoming the best surgeon. Hae Jo is a competent and passionate first-year neuro-surgeon in the same hospital as Yeo Wook. Yeo Wook runs into Hae Jo when he visits the emergency room of a rural hospital and gets into an argument with her about how to treat an emergency patient. Eun Hyun is a cold, workaholic fourth-year chief neuro-surgeon surrounded by an aura of mystery. He becomes more and more interested in Hae Jo, who continues to grow by overcoming various problems. Tae Jin, Yeo Wook’s father, is a great neuro-surgeon, who is also faithful to his family as a considerate father and husband. He is respected as a ‘living saint’ for proactively operating on patients without family or friends, but he believes that even his wife can be subjected to an experiment to construct a complete map of the human brain. As the long-buried secret around Tae Jin starts to unveil, the young neuro-surgeons are swept away by fate.(Source: JTBC)",7.2,300,20,"['Han Hye Jin', 'Jo Jae Hyun', 'Kim Yoo Suk', 'Park Gun Hyung', 'Kim Sung Ryung', 'Song Chang Eui']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,"Go Jae Hyun,  Lee Sung Joo",Kim Sol Ji
1364,Bubblegum,https://mydramalist.com/15108-bubblegum,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Traditional Medicine Doctor Male Lead, Childhood Friends' Relationship, Childhood Connection, Ex-Boyfriend Comes Back, Family Relationship, Male Chases Female First, Nice Male Lead, Slow Burn Romance, Friendship ","Park Ri Hwan and Kim Haeng Ah are childhood friends who couldn’t be more different. As the director of an eastern medicine hospital, Ri Hwan selflessly cares for his patients and his mother, while Haeng Ah charges through her life as a feisty and headstrong radio producer. Yet despite their differences and after all these years, Ri Hwan and Haeng Ah complement each other perfectly.",7.2,3803,16,"['Jung Ryeo Won', 'Lee Dong Wook', 'Lee Jong Hyuk', 'Park Hee Bon', 'Bae Jong Ok', 'Kim Jung Nan']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Kim Byung Soo,Lee Mi Na
1365,Romance,https://mydramalist.com/1900-romance-2002,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Student Supporting Character, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Teenager Supporting Character, Teenager Male Lead, Adult-Minor Relationship, Age Gap [Drama Life], Teacher Female Lead, Clumsy Female Lead, Forbidden Love ","Fatal love strikes us out of a sudden and helplessly takes us deep down into the sea of fervor, giving us no choice but to yield. This drama beautifully unfolds the forbidden passion between a teacher and a student.Chae Won and Kwan Woo meet for the first time at a rural seaside village flower festival. They fall in love at first sight, not in their dreams have they known that Chae Won is the teacher at Kwan Woo's high school. The second time they meet is at the classroom where they realize the situation and become bewildered and embarrassed. The love story between the two young people is overlapped with Kwan Woo's tearful success story and this inspire the viewers with high emotion.",7.2,641,16,"['Kim Jae Won', 'Kim Ha Neul', 'Han Hye Jin', 'Kim Yoo Mi', 'Go Myung Hwan', 'Park Won Sook']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Lee Dae Young,Bae Yoo Mi
1366,Devil Inspector,https://mydramalist.com/24715-devil-inspector,"Mystery,  Comedy,  Youth,  Drama","Web Series, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Short Length Series, Detective Male Lead, Detective Female Lead, Forensic Science, Missing Person, Smart Male Lead, Miniseries ",A comedic mystery that follows two genius high schoolers and a female police detective as they solve cases that arise while following the disappearances of the boys’ parents.,7.2,1097,9,"['Yoo Sun Ho', 'Kim Nam Joo', 'Ahn Hyung Sub', 'Lee Soo Min', 'Lee Dong Gil', 'Bae Kyu Ri']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Park Sun Jae,Unknown
1367,Alchemist,https://mydramalist.com/15103-alchemist,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Student Supporting Character, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Age Gap [Real Life], Short Length Series, University, Love At First Sight, Web Series, Multiple Couples ","The drama will center on the dating life of a refreshing female college student in her 20's, who falls in love at first sight for an upperclassman, leading her to join a forbidden society.",7.2,707,12,"['Heo Young Ji', 'Han Ki Woong', 'Yoo A Ra', 'Cho Hye Jung', 'Song Hae Na', 'Kim Jong Hoon']",Not Yet Rated,MBC every1,Unknown,Unknown
1368,You Are My Destiny,https://mydramalist.com/451-you-are-my-destiny,"Romance,  Family",Unknown,"Jang Sae Byuk is a girl who tries to find a new meaning in life after she receives an eye cornea transplant from the doctor that took care of her after her accident. That doctor, Kim Na Young, died in a car accident on her way back from Africa. Sae Byuk becomes close with the Na Young's family after finding them. The family slowly accepts her as part of the family. Kang Ho Se and Kim Tae Poong, Na Young's twin brother, have disliked each other since they were young kids. This is mostly Tae Poong hates Ho Se because Ho Se's family was rich and because Tae Poong's father was Ho Se's father's driver and his mother was the maid.",7.2,1032,178,"['Lee Ji Hoon', 'Im Yoon Ah', 'Park Jae Jung', 'Gong Hyun Joo', 'Kim Jung Nan', 'Lee Pil Mo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS1,Kim Myung Wook,Moon Eun Ah
1369,Young Lady and Gentleman,https://mydramalist.com/686231-the-gentleman-and-the-lady,"Comedy,  Romance,  Family,  Melodrama","Older Man/Younger Woman, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Bright Female Lead, Healing, Poor Female Lead, Positive Female Lead, Age Gap [Drama Life], Childhood Acquaintance, Rich Family, Nice Male Lead ","Lee Young Kook is a widower with three children. He still hasn’t gotten over the death of his wife. He decides to hire Park Dan Dan as a live-in tutor for his kids, and he becomes attracted to her. Meanwhile, Park Dan Dan has a bright and positive personality despite her harsh situation.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.2,4769,52,"['Ji Hyun Woo', 'Lee Se Hee', 'Park Ha Na', 'Kang Eun Tak', 'Lee Jong Won', 'Oh Hyun Kyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Shin Chang Seok,Kim Sa Kyung
1370,Big Man,https://mydramalist.com/9223-big-man,"Thriller,  Business,  Drama,  Melodrama","Cold Female Lead, Secondary Couple, Naive Male Lead, Orphan Male Lead, Power Struggle, Deception, Betrayal, Strong Female Lead, Rags To Riches, Revenge ","Kim Ji Hyuk is a poor orphan who has no money or connections in the world, that is until he suddenly discovers that he is the chaebol of a rich family, the HyunSung Group. When he discovers the truth that it was all a conspiracy to steal his heart as a transplant for a failing family member, he decides to take revenge on the family, including their true son and heir, an outwardly congenial man who is actually a two-faced, cunning rival.",7.2,2138,16,"['Kang Ji Hwan', 'Lee Da Hee', 'Choi Daniel', 'Jung So Min', 'Han Sang Jin', 'Uhm Hyo Sub']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Ji Young Soo,Choi Jin Won
1371,Ms. Kim's Million Dollar Quest,https://mydramalist.com/206-ms.-kims-million-dollar-quest,"Comedy,  Romance","Partners' Relationship, Housemates' Relationship, Abandoned On Wedding Day, Guilty Conscience, Break Off Engagement, Fake Relationship, Financial Scandal, Bankruptcy, Rich Female Lead, Playboy Male Lead ","On her wedding day, Kim Eun Jae is left standing at the altar by her groom, Yoo Young Hoon, for wealthy Suh Woo Kyung. Her wedding photographer, Park Moo Yeol, is a rich playboy who helps Eun Jae avoid embarrassment by pretending to be her husband. Soon after Moo Yeol's family goes bankrupt. The family home will be sold if he can't come up with money quick. Eun Jae meanwhile is convinced that if she becomes wealthy, Young Hoon will come back to her.Eun Jae and Moo Yeol decide to join forces. They move in together and invest in moneymaking schemes one after the other. Making money, unfortunately, isn't as easy as they had hoped. As outside forces (and Woo Kyung) line up against them, the two begin to realize that though they may be unlucky in money, they are very lucky in love.(Source: DramaWiki)",7.2,454,16,"['Kim Hyun Joo', 'Ji Jin Hee', 'Park Gun Hyung', 'Kim Sung Ryung', 'Bong Tae Kyu', 'Sung Ji Ru']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Lee Min Chul,Park Yeon Sun
1372,Man in the Kitchen,https://mydramalist.com/23201-man-in-the-kitchen,"Food,  Romance,  Drama,  Family","Arranged Marriage, Marriage, Heiress Female Lead, Unhealthy Mains' Relationship, Conglomerate, Greed, Soap Opera, Emotional Abuse, Deception, Multiple Mains ","After devoting 35 years of his life to his company, he was now retired. People envied him for the success he achieved in his career. Now he was looking forward to enjoying his retirement years with his wife into old age. But his wife suddenly demands a marriage separation. And his daughter, whom he had thought he raised well, was now rebelling against him. He worked so hard all his life, but why was everything going down the drain at this point in his life? The collapse of the family is a reality that one middle-aged man in this TV show is trying to reverse.(Source: MBC America)",7.2,500,50,"['Choi Soo Young', 'Ohn Joo Wan', 'Park Jin Woo', 'Seo Hyo Rim', 'Shim Hyung Tak', 'Lee Il Hwa']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Joo Sung Woo,Park Hyun Joo
1373,Soul,https://mydramalist.com/725-soul,"Mystery,  Horror,  Romance,  Supernatural","Eccentric Female Lead, Ghost-seeing Female Lead, Death, Special Power, Strong Female Lead, Revenge, Murder, Graphic Violence, Fraternal Twin Female Lead, Criminal Profiler Male Lead ","Ha Na and Doo Na were twin sisters who were very close to each other until Doo Na died terribly. One day, the usually bright and energetic Ha Na finds herself changing. She has superhuman strength and can do things that nobody can. Ha Na realizes that Doo Na's spirit has inhabited her body. Shin Ryu, a criminal psychoanalyst, uses Ha Na's powers to kill people that cannot be punished by the law.",7.2,1068,10,"['Lee Seo Jin', 'Im Ju Eun', 'Kim Gab Soo', 'Park Ji Yeon', 'Park Geon Il', 'Yoo Yeon Seok']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),MBC,"Kim Sang Ho,  Kang Dae Sun","In Eun Ah,  Park Young Sook"
1374,She Knows Everything,https://mydramalist.com/58827-miss-lee-knows,"Mystery,  Psychological,  Crime,  Drama","Strong Female Lead, Investigation, Miniseries, Corrupt Police Officer, Real Estate Agent Female Lead, Jewelry, Detective Male Lead, Conflict, Hit And Run, Failing Marriage ",Mysterious cases take place at an apartment complex which is about to go under reconstruction. Lee Goong Bok is a real estate agent that works with apartments there. She has a meddlesome type of personality. In Cheol Ho is a veteran detective.(Source: AsianWiki),7.2,790,4,"['Kang Sung Yun', 'Jo Han Sun', 'Park Shin Ah', 'Kim Do Wan', 'Lee Ki Hyuk', 'Moon Chang Gil']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Lee Dong Hyun,Unknown
1375,Check Out the Event,https://mydramalist.com/697995-check-out-the-event,"Romance,  Youth,  Drama,  Melodrama","Tour Trip, Flashback To Past, Miniseries, Multiple Couples, Clingy Female Lead, Summer Setting, Island Setting, Musician Male Lead, Singer Male Lead, Honest Female Lead ","Cheerful and lovable Song Yi, who is frank about her feelings, believed in her mother’s words that the plants never betray you, unlike people, and became a botanical garden curator. However, as her boyfriend Do Kyum who was her everything dumps her, she couldn't live proudly anymore and becomes lethargic. Do Kyum who is feisty and self-respecting is a vocalist of an indie music band. As his crew was getting reputation, he suddenly announces its disband and asks Song Yi for a breakup. When Song Yi continuously tries to win Do Kyum’s heart back but keeps failing, she wins a ticket to Jeju Island through a competitive rate 500:1 and decides to take Do Kyum with her. Will this trip make any difference between the two?(Source: Viki)",7.2,1791,4,"['Bang Min Ah', 'Kwon Hwa Woon', 'Ahn Woo Yeon', 'Lee Jin Hyuk', 'Nam Kyu Hee', 'Kim Young Sun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"iQiyi,  MBC","Lee Han Joon,  Kim Ji Hoon",Kim Tae Joo
1376,Who Are You?,https://mydramalist.com/493-who-are-you-2008,"Mystery,  Comedy,  Romance,  Supernatural","Older Man/Younger Woman, Father-Daughter Relationship, Death, Ghost-seeing Male Lead, Ghost, Spirit Possession, Character Development, Misunderstanding, Investigation, Age Gap [Drama Life] ","Cha Seung Hyo is an abandoned child who gets adopted in the United States and grows up to be a cold hearted person. Son Il Gun is a father who died, but he left things unfinished with his daughter. In order to make sure that his daughter is provided for he controls Seung Hyo's body for three hours a day for 49 days. He buys his daughter the things he couldn't do when he was alive with Seung Hyo's money. Il Gun's daughter, Young In, is a quick-tempered girl who meets Seung Hyo during her part-time job. At first she has a bad impression of him but she gradually starts to fall for the lonely Seung Hyo who is unable to open up to anyone else because of his bitter past.",7.2,1914,17,"['Yoon Kye Sang', 'Go Ah Ra', 'Jin Yi Han', 'Kang Nam Gil', 'Lee Min Jung', 'Lee Eon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Noh Jong Chan,  Shin Hyun Chang",Bae Yoo Mi
1377,Partner,https://mydramalist.com/389-partner,"Law,  Romance","Bad Tempered Male Lead, Unrequited Love, Law Firm Setting, Criminal Justice System, Lawyer Supporting Character, Lawyer Male Lead, Lawyer Female Lead, Infidelity ","""Who is your partner?"" When you take a look at the definition of 'Partner', it gives you synonyms such as colleague, sharer, spouse and accomplice. A partner is a person who is strongly associated with me; the one who knows me very well and stays by my side. The word 'Partner' takes a different meaning when it is used in a law firm. Partners are the people who survived the power struggle. They are executives who are on the top of the law firm pyramid. Enterprises are law firm's partners. Law firms fight each other to become a partner in the business. They struggle to be close to power and to become a slave of money. There are some lawyers who want to be the partners of commoners as well. They are willing to be the spokesperson for the underprivileged. It is a story about partner; the one who is going to stay by your side and fight together in front of law.   (Source: KBS World)",7.2,1082,16,"['Lee Dong Wook', 'Lee Ha Nee', 'Kim Hyun Joo', 'Choi Soo Rin', 'Kang Chul Sung', 'Shin Yi']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Kim Won Suk,  Hwang Eui Kyung",Jo Jung Joo
1378,Romance Blue,https://mydramalist.com/15482-romance-blue,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Miniseries, Web Series ","“Romance Blue” is a web drama that focuses its storyline around people who are afraid of love. The title is derived from the saying ‘marriage blues,’ which describes a feeling of depression that a person may feel before getting married. In the context of this web drama, ‘romance blues’ describes the depressed feelings a person may feel before starting a new love.",7.2,616,6,"['Park Min Woo', 'Kim Ji An', 'Sun Ho Jin']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Kim Dong Hyun,Unknown
1379,Star's Lover,https://mydramalist.com/720-stars-lover,Romance,"Non-MDL Remake, Famous Female Lead, Smart Male Lead, Rich Woman/Poor Man, Ex-girlfriend Comes Back ","Lee Ma Ri is a top star in Korea and throughout Asia. The head of her management agency, Seo Tae Suk, hires a ghostwriter to help transform Ma Ri's image. Poverty-stricken university lecturer Kim Chul Soo takes the job in order to earn money to repay his ex-girlfriend, who paid for his college tuition. Whilst they are in Japan he falls in love with Ma Ri. However, when the travel essay book ""Lovers in Asuka,"" written by Chul Soo on Ma Ri's behalf, becomes a bestseller, Ma Ri gets caught up in the controversy generated by the ghostwriting. The two lovers try to continue their relationship away from media attention, but obstacles abound: eligible young executive Jung Woo Jin, who pursues Ma Ri; Ma Ri's first love Kang Woo Jin, who suddenly vanished from her life; Chul Soo's ex-girlfriend Choi Eun Young; and the manipulative Seo Tae Suk, who seeks to control everything in Ma Ri's life.~~ Remake of the American movie “Nothing Hill” [1999].",7.2,536,20,"['Yoo Ji Tae', 'Choi Ji Woo', 'Kim Ji Suk', 'Yoon Joo Sang', 'Yang Hee Kyung', 'Kim Ji Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Boo Sung Chul,Oh Soo Yun
1380,Lobbyist,https://mydramalist.com/1151-lobbyist,"Action,  Thriller,  Romance,  Drama",Suspense ,This drama is about a female lobbyist dealing with international arms traders. Kang Tae Hyuk is a successor of a main munitions business company in Korea. He is a young businessman with perfect appearance using a refined phraseology. He has an innate ability as a lobbyist and is a master schemer. He plans to sweep over the whole of Asia.,7.2,319,24,"['Song Il Gook', 'Jang Jin Young', 'Han Jae Suk', 'Lee Hyun Woo', 'Nam Ji Hyun', 'Lee Jae Yong']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Boo Sung Chul,  Lee Hyun Jik","Choi Wan Kyu,  Joo Chan Ok"
1381,Thorn Birds,https://mydramalist.com/651-thorn-birds,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Dark Fiction, Successful Female Lead, Rags To Riches, Rich Male Lead ","This is the story of two women, Seo Jung Eun and Han Yoo Kyung, who walk very different paths to achieve their desires. Seo Jung Eun is a strong and courageous woman who has suffered a difficult life, having grown up in an orphanage but continues to embrace people around her despite longing for affection herself. Jung Eun harbours the hope that she will meet her mother if she becomes a star, striving to reach her goal and overcome her suffering through her pure and innocent nature. In contrast, Han Yoo Kyung has a birth secret for which she is willing to throw away everything in order to get revenge. The ""thorn birds"" of the title refers to Jung Eun's character, who only brings out her best at the cost of great pain. A thorn bird is a mythical bird who searches for a thorn tree from the day it is born. When it finds it, the bird impales itself upon the sharpest thorn, and rises above the agony to sing the most beautiful song ever heard.",7.2,1057,20,"['Joo Sang Wook', 'Han Hye Jin', 'Kim Min Jung', 'Seo Do Young', 'Choi Jae Won', 'Kim Dong Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Kim Jong Chang,Lee Seon Hee
1382,Mimi,https://mydramalist.com/8937-mimi,"Mystery,  Romance,  Supernatural","Investigation, Magical Object, Spirit, Miniseries, Amnesia, Time Travel ","28-year-old Min Woo is a webtoon writer. One day, he finds a memo on his desk calendar. With the memo, he begins to write a new webtoon “December 8”. The comic turns into an instant hit. As the webtoon becomes even more popular, Min Woo feels pressure from work. He begins to suffer from severe headaches because of the pressure.",7.2,2887,4,"['Shim Chang Min', 'Mun Ka Young', 'Shin Hyun Bin', 'Lee Yeon Kyung', 'Jung  Ji Soon', 'Son Ji Na']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Mnet,Song Chang Su,Unknown
1383,Love Teenager,https://mydramalist.com/681637-love-teenager,"Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Teenager Female Lead, Short Length Series, Miniseries, High School, Web Series, Friendship ","'Love Teenager' is a growing romance story dealing with friendship, love, and empathy among teenagers.",7.2,195,8,"['Ki Eun Soo', 'Nam Dae Jung', 'Song Hye Won', 'Park Road', 'Byun Hong Jun']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1384,Love After School Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/30040-love-after-school-2,"Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Young Adult Female Lead, Young Adult Male Lead, Short Length Series, University, Miniseries, Web Series, Student-Teacher Relationship ","The sequel to the romantic story ""Love After School 2"" will tell us about the relationship between the heroes of the first season. Bang and Hong were loyal friends at school, and it was only as adults that they realized they were in love with each other. They are still having fun together and getting ready for the upcoming wedding. But the couple will have to face unexpected problems and pass a real test of their feelings. Will they cope?",7.2,493,7,"['Park So Eun', 'Yoo Jung Woo', 'Yunmin', 'Kang Da Hyun', 'Kim Jin Kwon', 'Hwi']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1385,Mysterious Personal Shopper,https://mydramalist.com/27130-mysterious-personal-shopper,"Mystery,  Melodrama","Positive Female Lead, Rich Female Lead, Soap Opera, Betrayal, Revenge, Double Identity, Investigation, Family, Friendship ","The story follows the love, friendship and betrayal between two women: Hong Se Yeon and Eun Kyung Hye.Hong Se Yeon works as a personal shopper. She is outgoing and a positive person, but she is betrayed by people whom she loved. She begins to take revenge on those who betrayed her.Eun Kyung Hye is the only child of a CEO. Her life looks perfect, but she has a fear that she will get abandoned. Because of her fear, she has an impulse control disorder and gets compulsive.",7.2,239,103,"['Choi Myung Gil', 'Park Ha Na', 'Wang Bit Na', 'Lee Eun Hyung', 'Han Sang Jin', 'Lee Ho Jae']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Unknown,"Kim Ye Na,  Lee Jung Dae"
1386,Love and Secret,https://mydramalist.com/11616-love-and-secret,"Romance,  Drama,  Family,  Melodrama","Secretary Supporting Character, Single Mother Female Lead, Ex-Boyfriend Comes Back, Soap Opera, Unexpected Pregnancy, Rich Male Lead ","Chun Sung Woon is the director of a large fashion company. He meets a single mother, Han Ah Reum, and becomes attracted to her. Due to Han Ah Reum and her daughter, Chun Sung Woon changes as a person.",7.2,649,102,"['Kim Heung Soo', 'Shin So Yool', 'Yang Jin Woo', 'Yeon Min Ji', 'Jung Dong Hwan', 'Kim Hye Ok']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Park Man Young,Kim Kyung Hee
1387,"Tamra, The Island",https://mydramalist.com/445-tamra-the-island,"Historical,  Comedy,  Romance","Foreigner Male Lead, Historical Fiction, Pre-produced, Adapted From A Manhwa, Joseon Dynasty ","Set in the 17th Century, Jang Beo Jin is a young female diver on Tamra Island. She doesn't particularly enjoy her situation and dreams of one day leaving the island. One day, to her shock, she discovers a young blond haired man laying on the beach. The young man's name is William and he is a shipwrecked British citizen. Another young man named Park Kyu enters the island under the disguise of one of the many convicts sent to Tamra Island. In actuality, Park Kyu is a budding government official known as a Seon Bi. These three young people then become involved in a hilarious love triangle.~~ The series has 2 versions: 16 eps (TV) || 21 eps (Director's Cut DVD).",7.2,1805,16,"['Seo Woo', 'Chan Bin Hwang', 'Im Joo Hwan', 'Lee Sun Ho', 'Seo Beom Shik', 'Jung Joo Ri']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,MBC,"Hong Jong Chan,  Yoon Sang Ho","Lee Jae Yoon,  Choi I Rang,  Shin Jae Won"
1388,Temptation of an Angel,https://mydramalist.com/688-temptation-of-an-angel,"Thriller,  Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Antiheroine Female Lead, Antihero Male Lead, Good Man/bad Woman, Plastic Surgery, Hidden Identity, Revenge, Marriage, Suspense ","After the death of her parents, Joo Ah Ran plots to ruin the family that destroyed hers. She seduces and marries the son of her enemy, Shin Hyun Woo, who discovers her plan belatedly. With a new face, courtesy of plastic surgery after meeting with a car accident, he decides to exact his own revenge upon her.",7.2,1055,21,"['Bae Soo Bin', 'Lee So Yeon', 'Hong Soo Hyun', 'Jin Tae Hyun', 'Han Sang Jin', 'Jung Kyu Soo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Son Jung Hyun,Kim Soon Ok
1389,Phantom School,https://mydramalist.com/701701-phantom-school,"Action,  Youth,  Fantasy","Student Supporting Character, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Spirit Hunter Female Lead, Spirit Hunter Male Lead, Teenager Supporting Character, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, Occult ","Nestled quietly in the heart of a buzzing community, there sits a school that to any who might pass it by, appears to be quite normal. However, as is often the case, looks can be quite deceiving. Inhabited by several malicious phantoms, this school plays host to more than its dedicated faculty and lively student body.While most of the students at this school are largely unaware of the otherworldly beings who exist beside them, some are easily swayed by the phantom’s presence. For those who are easily manipulated by the specters, life has a way of quickly becoming a living nightmare as they’re forced to give in to the evil desires of their ghastly tormentors. But even as some students are swayed by the phantoms, others have taken on the role of a hunter and have accepted the responsibility of fighting against them.One such hunter, Lee Do Gyeom, has dedicated his life to this task. As a student currently enrolled in this phantom school, it’s up to him to save those afflicted by the evil which haunts its halls. But does he have the strength to take on this malicious force alone? (Source: Viki)",7.2,395,8,"['NC.A', 'Choi Seok Won', 'Im Sung Kyun', 'Kim Seo Yeon', 'Cha Jae Hoon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Viki,Unknown,Unknown
1390,"Legally, Dad",https://mydramalist.com/68227-step-dad-on-paper,"Romance,  Drama","Web Series, Miniseries, Adoption, Cohabitation, Calm Male Lead, Family, Contract Relationship, Nice Male Lead, Rich Male Lead, Rich Man/Poor Woman ","Orphan Ah Young is a financially struggling 23-year-old who takes care of her 8-year-old sister Dan Bi while juggling part-time jobs. One day a 28-year-old man Yoo Sang appears in front of Ah Young offering to be her dad through a signed agreement. (Source: MyDramaList)~~ Adapted from the web novel ""Legally, Dad"" (서류상 아빠) written by Addis (애디스) and illustrated by Byul (별).",7.2,3342,6,"['Choi Kyung Hoon', 'Lee Hyun Joo', 'Min Se Woong', 'Lee A Ra', 'Kwon Hae Woo']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1391,Night Watchman's Journal,https://mydramalist.com/10057-night-watchmans-journal,"Action,  Historical,  Romance,  Supernatural","Ghost-seeing Male Lead, Ghost, Joseon Dynasty, Historical Fiction ","Young watchmen of the Joseon Dynasty fight demons in this ""Ghostbusters""-like story. Set in the backdrop of the royal palace, the good guys vanquish demons while the bad guys use them for their purposes. The palace is rife with sinister plans to seize power and usurp the king. Through this story of young people who hunt demons, the tribulations and joys of life are shown in all their glory.(Source: MBC)",7.2,3080,24,"['Jung Il Woo', 'Go Sung Hee', 'U-Know', 'Seo Yea Ji', 'Yoon Tae Young', 'Kim Heung Soo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Lee Joo Hwan,  Yoon Ji Hoon","Yoo Dong Yoon,  Kim Sun Hee,  Bang Ji Young"
1392,All the Liquors,https://mydramalist.com/733387-liquor,"Food,  Comedy,  Romance","Drinking, LGBTQ+, Gay Romance, Miniseries, Chef Male Lead, Gay Male Lead, Short Length Series, Clumsy Male Lead, Restaurant Setting, Restaurateur Male Lead ","Han Ji Yu is an employee on the marketing team of a liquor company. Park Ki Hoon, on the other hand, is a devilishly charming, skilful chef of a famous restaurant. When Ji Yu is asked to contact Ki Hoon’s restaurant in search of potential collaboration, he runs up against a few walls—namely, Ki Hoon’s flat-out refusal to sell any alcoholic drinks in his restaurant. But Ji Yu is not ready to just give up. What will he do to break the stubborn chef?Two men from different walks of life learn to open up to each other through the intoxicating power of love.(Source: GagaOOLala)",7.2,5861,8,"['Kim Jun Hyung', 'Won Do Hyun', 'Jeong Ho Gyun', 'Roshin', 'Han Da Sol']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Kim Jin Yeol,Kim Hoi Joon
1393,My 20th Twenty,https://mydramalist.com/738645-my-x-like-20,"Music,  Supernatural","Short Length Series, Curse, Web Series ","So Won was born in 1981, so she should be in her forties now, but when she became twenty in 2000, she encountered a witch by chance. So Won was cursed by the witch because she turned down her favour. The curse was ""to live as a twenty-year-old woman for the rest of her life."" At first, she thinks it will be a blessing but soon suffers from the pain of losing her beloved ones and making no progress. One day, So Won happens to spot the witch in a photo, so she heads to the resort in the photo's backdrop. To lift the curse, she sneaks in as a resort staff and meets Kang Hyun and Sang Wook there. (Souce: KOCOWA)",7.2,417,12,"['Jung Su Bin', 'Choi Yu Ju', 'Dawon', 'Lee Lu Da', 'Go Soo Hee', 'Kim Tae Jung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1394,Love Class,https://mydramalist.com/726209-love-class,"Romance,  Youth","Student Male Lead, Classmates' Relationship, Gay Male Lead, Gay Romance, Bisexual Male Lead, Stalking, University, LGBTQ+, Miniseries, Senior-Junior Relationship ","Cha Ji Woo is a second-year student of Mass Communication and Journalism. He is short in stature and very gentle in nature. He is also besotted with Bae Yu Na, one of his classmates. However, she is being stalked by a mysterious individual and is afraid of all men as a result – except the kind-hearted and non-threatening Ji Woo. The problem is she doesn’t really see him as a man, and this doesn’t help Ji Woo’s cause, although he will stop at nothing to protect her.But one day, a university class requires that students all pair up in “couples” to complete a project about love. Everyone forms heterosexual “couples.” However, Yu Na and a female classmate who is in love with her professor decide to team up as a same-sex “couple.” That means Ji Woo must form a “couple” with a tall, confident senior student he’s never met before named, Lee Ro Ah. After they begin working together, Ji Woo starts to wonder if Ro Ah likes him. And if that is the case, could his feelings for Yu Na be misplaced? And could he, too, develop affection for Ro Ah?(Source: Viki)",7.2,7103,6,"['Han Hyun Jun', 'Kim Tae Hwan', 'Yoo Hyuk Jae', 'Ryu In Ah', 'Kim Hye Jin', 'Lee Young Kyo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Viki,Unknown,Unknown
1395,Fashion 70's,https://mydramalist.com/1126-fashion-70s,"Romance,  Drama,  Family,  Melodrama","Smart Female Lead, Eccentric Female Lead, Female Rivalry, Strong Female Lead, Family Secret, War ","Fashion 70's focused on the lives of four young people, from their childhood during the Korean War, to their careers and love lives within the booming fashion world of the seventies. When Joon Hee was young, she befriends a little girl called Kang Hee, these two girls always get into trouble because of Kang Hee's greedy mother. At the same time, Joon Hee also makes friends with two boys, Dong Young, the son of a military general and Jang Bin. But when North Korean forces invade their town, both girls are separated from their parents and Joon Hee's mother is killed in an explosion. Believing his daughter to have died, Joon Hee's father adopts Kang Hee and raises her as his own daughter. Joon Hee is discovered at an orphanage by Kang Hee's mother and is also adopted. The trauma of the events causes Joon Hee to block out her childhood memories and she grows up on a small island as Doe Mi, unaware of her true identity.Years pass and their paths cross again, with complicated and destructive results. Doe Mi dreams of becoming a fashion designer, and petty criminal Jang Bin helps her move to Seoul to chase her dream. In the process, he falls in love with her, but his feelings are unrequited.(sensasian)",7.2,289,28,"['Kim Min Jung', 'Joo Jin Mo', 'Chun Jung Myung', 'Lee Yo Won', 'Jung So Young', 'Kim Young Chan']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Lee Jeong Hyo,  Lee Jae Gyoo",Jung Sung Hee
1396,My Wonderful Roommate,https://mydramalist.com/60107-exciting-to-work,"Business,  Romance","Childhood Friends' Relationship, Roommates' Relationship, Workplace Setting, Office Setting, Short Length Series, Workplace Romance, Steamy Kiss, Miniseries, Cohabitation, Web Series ","A story about a breathtaking and thrilling office romance between Lee Eun Jung, who lives with a friend from her childhood, and Jung Jae Hoon, her old friend and team leader at Eun Jung's workplace.",7.2,264,8,"['Choi Joon Han', 'Son Ye Ji', 'Kim Sa Rang']",G - All Ages,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1397,First Love Again,https://mydramalist.com/714711-first-love-for-the-third-time,"Comedy,  Romance,  Fantasy","LGBTQ+, Gay Romance, Bisexual Male Lead, Reincarnated Lovers, Miniseries, Reincarnation, Flashback To Past, First Love, Gay Male Lead, Web Series ","The popular web novelist Yeon Seok has one big secret. He has been living for 300 years in order to achieve his first love. He is searching for his first love, Jeong Ha Yeon, who suddenly appears in front of him as a 25-year-old man. Yeon Seok, who never thought his first love would be reborn as a man, pushes Ha Yeon away at first. However, because Ha Yeon is Yeon Seok's editor at Sin Bi books, Yeon Seok can’t escape Ha Yeon and they naturally grow closer over time.(Source: kpopmap.com)~~ Adapted from the BL script winner of the contest by the company Ascendio (You Make Me Dance).",7.2,8645,6,"['Jin Gun', 'Jeon Chang Ha', 'Kim Jeong Seok', 'Jung Hyun Ji', 'Song Han Hee', 'Aoora']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,"LINE TV,  Naver TV Cast,  Viki",Unknown,Unknown
1398,Pink Lipstick,https://mydramalist.com/1043-pink-lipstick,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Best Friends' Relationship, Retaliation, Multiple Marriages, Wedlock Child, Infidelity, Revenge, Marriage, Friendship ","Yoo Ga Eun is a sweet-natured girl who dated and subsequently married her boyfriend, Park Jung Woo. However, she later discovers that her husband had an affair with her best friend, Mi Ran, and that their adopted daughter is actually Jung Woo and Mi Ran's lovechild. To get revenge on them, she marries Maeng Ho Geol, a wealthy clothing retailer, and carefully plots their downfall. At the same time, Ga Eun also meets Ha Jae Bum, the man who falls deeply in love with her and promises to support her by her side, no matter what she does.",7.2,446,149,"['Park Eun Hye', 'Lee Joo Hyun', 'Park Kwang Hyun', 'Seo Yoo Jung', 'May Bee', 'Jung Yoo Chan']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Choi Chang Wook,Seo Hyun Joo
1399,Robber,https://mydramalist.com/1181-robber,"Romance,  Crime,  Drama,  Melodrama","Swindler Male Lead, Boxer Male Lead, Widow Female Lead, Single Mother Female Lead, Redemption, Debt, Slow Burn Romance ","Kwon Oh Joon is a swindler who falls for a widow with a 5 year old daughter, Jin Dal Rae. Dal Rae lives with her daughter and mother in law after her husband passes away. Oh Joon is a suave man who can talk women into doing anything.(Source: DramaWiki)",7.2,573,16,"['Jang Hyuk', 'Lee Da Hae', 'Kim Jeong Tae', 'Kang Ki Hwa', 'Kim Hae Sook', 'Hong Kyung In']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,SBS,Yoo In Shik,Kim Gyoo Wan
1400,The Empire,https://mydramalist.com/705661-castle-in-the-sky,"Law,  Drama,  Melodrama","Prosecutor Female Lead, Strong Female Lead, Rich Female Lead, Mother-Son Relationship, Divorced Female Lead, Older Man/Younger Woman, Ex-spouse Relationship, Married Female Lead, Married Male Lead, Professor Supporting Character ",Depicts the vulgar scandals of Korea’s nobles of the robe (whose rank came from holding judicial or administrative posts) who dream of hereditary succession. Han Hye Ryul is the chief of the special division of the Seoul Central District Prosecutors’ Office. Han Hye Ryul is from a family of judicial workers who has had wealth and power for three generations. She is an ambitious figure who is not satisfied with her current position and aims to become a prosecutor general or someone higher up the ladder.(Source: Soompi),7.2,283,16,"['Kim Sun Ah', 'Ahn Jae Wook', 'Lee Mi Sook', 'Song Young Chang', 'Shin Goo', 'Oh Hyun Kyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"jTBC,  ViuTV",Yoo Hyun Ki,Oh Ga Kyu
1401,Inspiring Generation,https://mydramalist.com/7452-inspiring-generation,"Action,  Historical,  Romance,  Drama","Japanese Colonial Rule, Honest Male Lead, Strong Male Lead, Martial Arts, Power Struggle, Mafia, Material Arts, Historical Fiction, Female Lead Action Scenes, Childhood Sweethearts ","Shin Jung Tae loses his father at the age of 15 when a Japanese soldier shoots him during the Japanese occupation of Shanghai in the 1930s. But instead of finding justice, Jung Tae is accused of his own father’s death. Jung Tae finds justice only by using his fists in the back alleys of Shanghai, growing up to become the best fighter on the continent.  ~~ Adapted from the comic series ""Age of Feeling"" by Bang Hak Ki.",7.2,2767,24,"['Kim Hyun Joong', 'Jin Se Yeon', 'Im Soo Hyang', 'Jo Dal Hwan', 'Im Hyung Joon', 'Song Jae Rim']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,"Kim Jung Gyu,  Ahn Joon Yong","Park Kye Ok,  Chae Seung Dae"
1402,Sweet Temptation,https://mydramalist.com/15714-sweet-temptation,"Romance,  Drama,  Fantasy","Web Series, Anthology, Miniseries, Character Development ","This web drama will have 6 segments each starring a different T-ara Member. The segments will have two episodes each, except for segment 1 and segment 2, which will have only one episode each.1. ""Baby Good Girl"" - Park So Yeon and Lee Joong Moon2. ""Black Holiday"" - Lee Qri and Jang Su Won3. ""Only for You"" -  Ham Eun Jung and Kim Jae Wook4. ""Reborn"" - Park Ji Yeon and Seo Jun Young5. ""The Recipe of Love"" - Jeon Bo Ram and Kim Si Woo6. ""When You Are in Love, it Rains"" - Park Hyo Min and Hyun Woo",7.2,342,6,"['Park So Yeon', 'Lee Joong Moon', 'Lee Kyu Ri', 'Jang Soo Won', 'Ham Eun Jung', 'Kim Jae Wook']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
1403,Someday,https://mydramalist.com/1790-someday,Romance,"Manga Artist Female Lead, Pre-produced, Love Square, Poor Male Lead ","Someday is about four different people's story about love.Hana Yamaguchi was a successful young cartoonist in Japan. Abandoned by her parents and brought up by her grandma, she was cold and aloof and did not believe in love which to her was only a simple biological response. When the elderly neighbourhood street sweeper died, she discovered the affection between him and her neighbour which lasted 60 years. Hana could not understand this kind of love, so she decided to trace her neighbour's footstep to Korea when she disappeared with her lover's ashes.Go Jin Pyo was a doctor who was a comic book fan of Hana. He was overjoyed in meeting Hana and believed that he was in love for the first time in his life. He decided to help Hana in fulfilling her wish to look for her neighbour and enlisted the help of a private eye, Lee Seok Man.Lee was the sole survivor of a car accident whereby his parents and brother were killed. He carried a lot of guilt towards the parents of the other victim and did his best to help out even at the expense of owing money to the loan sharks.Hye Young was a PD of animation projects and a close friend of Jin Pyo. she didn't realize that she was in love with him till Hana appeared.In bringing her neighbour's love story to fruition and published in print, the process changed the lives and outlook on love for these four people.(Source: wiki.d-addicts)",7.2,220,16,"['Kim Min Joon', 'Lee Jin Wook', 'Oh Yoon Ah', 'Bae Doo Na', 'Ye Soo Jung', 'Park  Dong Bin']",Not Yet Rated,OCN,Unknown,Kim Hee Jae
1404,Tinted With You,https://mydramalist.com/714169-tinted-with-you,"Historical,  Romance,  Fantasy","Gay Romance, Time Travel, Web Series, Prince Male Lead, LGBTQ+, Joseon Dynasty, Painting, Short Length Series, Miniseries, Gay Male Lead ","In Korea’s feudal past, deposed Crown Prince Lee Heon was forced into exile when his cruel older brother usurped the throne. His sibling plans to permanently secure his position, leaving Lee Heon fearing for his life at every turn.  Lee Heon has one ally, Geum, his loyal, kind-hearted guard. Flash forward to the modern-day, where art is high school student Eun Ho’s entire world. He accepts a commission to complete an unfinished canvas despite its mysterious vibe. Inexplicably drawn into the distant past, he meets Lee Heon, with whom he forms a close and romantic bond. Becoming restless, the acting king desires to murder the exiled Crown Prince. Eun Ho now understands that he may be Lee Heon’s best – if not sole – chance of survival.(Source: Viki)",7.2,8672,8,"['Park Jun Hee', 'Yoo Hyun Woo', 'Kim Tae Jung', 'Yoon Ye Hee', 'Yang Seung Bin']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Viki,Ra Ha Na,Unknown
1405,Sweet Spy,https://mydramalist.com/1203-sweet-spy,"Action,  Comedy,  Romance","Cohabitation, Widow Female Lead, Police Procedural ","Nam Sang-mi plays widowed police officer Lee Sun-ae who finds herself suddenly immersed into international espionage by Han Yoo-il (Dennis Oh), an undercover agent. Lee Joo-hyun plays Kang-Jun, who's recently transferred to the Criminal Investigation Department. He opens an old case involving Sun-ae's past that leads him to an entanglement between the current political/economic powers and their secrets. One of them, oddly enough, being Han Yoo-il. Who is this man? Why is he here?(DW)",7.2,667,20,"['Dennis Oh', 'Nam Sang Mi', 'Lee Joo Hyun', 'Yoo  Sun', 'Park Sung Eun', 'Kim Bo Sung']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Go Dong Sun,"Kim Ki Ho,  Lee Sun Mi"
1406,Local Hero,https://mydramalist.com/15358-local-hero,"Action,  Thriller,  Mystery,  Comedy","Fight, Investigation, Political, Suspense ","Baek Shi-Yoon is an ex-secret agent and a well-trained human weapon. Hiding his past, he buys the bar ""Neighborhood"" and runs it is as the owner. He gets close to the neighborhood regulars at his bar and sympathizes with their pain. Shi-Yoon then meets a young man who works as a temporary employee, but who wants to become a police officer. Shi-Yoon trains him as a secret agent and they fight together against evil.",7.2,2163,16,"['Park Shi Hoo', 'Jo Sung Ha', 'Lee Soo Hyuk', 'Kwon Yu Ri', 'Jung Man Shik', 'Yoon Tae Young']",Not Yet Rated,OCN,Kwak Jung Hwan,Jang Min Seok
1407,Save the Family,https://mydramalist.com/14268-save-the-family,"Romance,  Drama,  Family,  Melodrama",Soap Opera ,"Woo-Jin is an ambitious doctor who no longer believes in true love, after having failed before. He views marriage as just a business. Hae-Soo works as an assistant chef. She dreams of getting married to the right man and having a family. Woo-Jin soon falls in love with her, he comes into conflict with love and ambition.",7.2,249,123,"['Kang  Byul', 'Jae Hee', 'Jung Hye In', 'Choi Il Hwa', 'Lee Hwi Hyang', 'Byun Hee Bong']",Not Yet Rated,KBS1,Unknown,Hong Young Hee
1408,Rascal Sons,https://mydramalist.com/5199-rascal-sons,"Comedy,  Romance","Widower Male Lead, Brothers' Relationship, Car Accident, Family Relationship, Older Man/Younger Woman, Multi-Generational, Infidelity, Multiple Couples, Unrequited Love ","A married man decides to move out of his house to get away from his wife. Meanwhile, his eldest son is widowed and has vowed to never marry again. His second eldest son is disinterested in getting married while harboring a secret crush on his friend’s girlfriend. Then there is his youngest son who has been once divorced but pretends that he has never been married before so that he could enhance his attractiveness among women. Somehow, all the male members of the family have had relationship problems and through their personal stories, this TV series will try to enlighten viewers on how marriage is a constant work in progress.(Source: MBC)",7.2,334,50,"['Ryu Soo Young', 'Seo In Guk', 'Myung Se Bin', 'Lee Sung Jae', 'Park In Hwan', 'Park Soo Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Choi Joon Bae,  Kim Kyung Hee","Kim Ji Soo,  Oh Sang Hee"
1409,One Warm Word,https://mydramalist.com/8125-one-warm-word,"Life,  Drama,  Family,  Melodrama","Slight Romance, Infidelity ","The story of two married couples in danger of unraveling as the husband and wife find themselves attracted to other people. Na Eun Jin is a hardworking, positive, and bright woman who encounters feeling of disappointment because of her cheating husband and other events, which makes her find the new side of herself. Meanwhile, Yoo Jae Hak is a successful CEO, respectable father of two sons, and husband to his devoted wife. He thought he was happy in his life until he finds himself attracted to Eun Jin and then he begins to reflect on his life and conflicts between responsibility to family and his feelings for Eun Jin.",7.2,875,20,"['Han Hye Jin', 'Ji Jin Hee', 'Kim Jee Soo', 'Lee Sang Woo', 'Kim Hye Na', 'Park Jung Soo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Choi Young Hoon,Ha Myung Hee
1410,Next Door Witch J,https://mydramalist.com/74393-next-door-witch-j,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Web Series, Love Triangle, Smart Male Lead, Male Chases Female First, Cosmetic Industry, Workplace Setting, Age Gap [Real Life], Short Length Series, Awkward Male Lead, Caring Male Lead ","“Next Door Witch J” was pitched through the Korea Creative Content Agency’s “Story to Book” in 2018. It is also the first selection for the 2020 pilot division of the Broadcasting Content Production Support Project. It will be produced by Kim Jong Hak Production, who has produced hit web dramas like “High-End Crush” and “Gogh, the Starry Night.”Seo Je Yi is the star beauty creator who makes content under the name “Next Door Witch J.” She is a smooth talker who isn’t afraid to say what she feels, and that has made her successful as a beauty creator.Lee Woo Bin is the CEO of a cosmetics start-up company. His products get acknowledged by Seo Je Yi, the star beauty creator, but he struggles to get close to her as a person. He is highly intelligent but has zero social skills when it comes to dating.Lee Tae Kyung is the director of the company MCN, which is an agency that specializes in managing beauty content creators. Tall and handsome, Lee Tae Kyung secretly has a crush on Seo Je Yi as well, making him one side of a love triangle with Lee Woo Bin.Oh Oh Young is another beauty creator who has more than 1 million subscribers. She used to be Seo Je Yi’s idol, but she soon became a troublemaker with “star disease,” demanding special treatment and the quality of her content going down. She is currently Seo Je Yi’s rival.(Source: Soompi)",7.2,958,12,"['Park Ji Yeon', 'Lee Tae Sun', 'Jang Eui Soo', 'Go Sung Min', 'Jang Yu Bin', 'Hong Jin Ki']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Viki,Yoon Ji Hoon,Unknown
1411,Hyena,https://mydramalist.com/2552-hyena,"Comedy,  Romance,  Mature","Female Chases Male First, Gay Male Lead, Secret Romance, Sassy Female Lead, Multiple Mains, LGBTQ+, Slice Of Life, Hidden Identity, Cohabitation, Love Square ","A quirky male version of Sex and the City, this drama is about four single 30 year old men and how they live their daily lives. (Source: DramaWiki)",7.2,193,16,"['Kim Min Jong', 'So Yi Hyun', 'Shin Sung Rok', 'Oh Man Suk', 'Yoon Da Hoon', 'Oh Yoo Na']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),tvN,Jo Soo Won,Choi Wan Kyu
1412,Myung Wol the Spy,https://mydramalist.com/2389-myung-wol-the-spy,"Action,  Comedy,  Romance,  Crime","Strong Female Lead, North Korean Female Lead, Spy Female Lead, Actor Male Lead, Clandestine Operation, Hidden Agenda, Fake Identity, Hidden Identity, Enemies To Lovers, Espionage ","In the romantic-comedy ""Spy Myung Wo,"", beautiful North Korean spy Myung Wol goes to South Korea in an attempt to kidnap a popular Korean male entertainer.",7.2,5810,18,"['Han Ye Seul', 'Eric Mun', 'Jang Hee Jin', 'Lee Jin Wook', 'Kim Ha Kyun', 'Shin Seung Hwan']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,"Kim Young Gyoon,  Hwang In Hyuk","Kim Jung Ah,  Jun Hyun Jin"
1413,The Merchant,https://mydramalist.com/14986-the-merchant-gaekju-2015,"Historical,  Business,  Melodrama,  Political","Insider Trading, Manipulative Male Lead, Sly Male Lead, Separated Family, Noble Sacrifice, Wrongfully Accused, Scheme, Jealousy, Corruption, Joseon Dynasty ","In late Joseon, a poor man named Cheon Bong Sam inherits a decrepit inn and honestly works his way up to becoming a powerful merchant. As tradesmen clash against the bureaucratic powers that attempt to oppress them by rigging bad deals, Bong Sam never loses sight of his humble beginnings as a peddler even after achieving great success and eventually shapes the way that industry and business are done in his time.",7.2,326,41,"['Jang Hyuk', 'Kim Min Jung', 'Yoo Oh Sung', 'Han Chae Ah', 'Lee Deok Hwa', 'Park Eun Hye']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Kim Dong Hwi,"Jung Sung Hee,  Lee Han Ho"
1414,Mr. Back,https://mydramalist.com/10514-mr.-back,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Fantasy","Age Gap [Drama Life], Age Gap [Real Life], Older Man/Younger Woman, Love At First Sight, Hidden Identity, Becoming Young, Body Transformation, Father-Son Relationship, Boss-Employee Relationship, Rich Man/Poor Woman ","Choi Go Bong (meaning ""highest peak"" or ""highest salary"") is a 70-year-old man who runs a large hotel conglomerate, and he's known nothing but greed and selfishness all his life. When his body suddenly transforms back into his 30s, he becomes gleeful at the chance to relive his youth. He renames himself Choi Shin Hyung (meaning ""newest model"") and meets Eun Ha Soo, a part-timer who's just landed her first regular job. Because of Ha Soo, he learns what love is for the first time in his life. At the same time, he develops a relationship with his estranged son and troublesome heir, Choi Dae Han.(Source: Wikipedia)",7.2,2102,16,"['Shin Ha Kyun', 'Jang Na Ra', 'Lee Joon', 'Jung Suk Won', 'Park Ye Jin', 'Jeon Gook Hwan']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Lee Sang Yeob,Unknown
1415,Clocking Out,https://mydramalist.com/20552-clocking-out,"Action,  Mystery,  Sci-Fi,  Fantasy","Alien, Agent Male Lead, Short Length Series, Car Chase, Gun Fight, Teamwork, Monster, Miniseries, Crossworlds Traveler, Web Series ","Korea has been taken over by aliens, and three agents from two different timelines spearhead the war against them. An unknown monster strikes them! One day, a single scream in an urgent phone call was heard.A top-level national secret organization, aka BUG (Bureau of Unidentified Genes), ​​is dispatched to catch the unknown beast that appears in the city center. Veteran Jung Bong, principleist Hyo Chan, and passionate newcomer Ki Woong, the three Korea's top special agents are starting to counterattack! (Source: Daum Website)",7.2,235,4,"['Kim Sang Joong', 'Kim Kang Woo', 'Joo Won', 'Jeon Woon Jong', 'Park Choong Seon', 'Kwon Eun Soo']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Kim Gun,Unknown
1416,Running Gu,https://mydramalist.com/900-running-gu,"Drama,  Sports","Healing, Miniseries, Death, Disability, Tragic Past ","This heartwarming youth drama tells the story of Dae Gu, a young man who is unable to finish a marathon and has become distant from his friends due to the feeling of guilt from the tragic accident that led to the death of his brother. In a twist of fate he finds himself in need of money, forcing him in to competitive running. The drama follows Dae Gu’s journey towards healing and competitive running, finding motivation and comfort from both past and new relationships.(Source: Shiro at MyDramaList)",7.2,232,4,"['Park Min Young', 'Baek Sung Hyun', 'Yoo Yeon Seok', 'Go Yoon Hoo', 'Kim Seo Yoon', 'Jun In Taek']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Lee Dong Yoon,Unknown
1417,"Let's Eat Something, Anna",https://mydramalist.com/32522-hey-ana-let-s-eat,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","Miniseries, Web Series, Weight Loss, Eating Disorder, Fast Paced Romance, Flashback To Past, Instant Attraction, Influencer Female Lead, Popular Male Lead, Online Shopping ","An adorable love story of Park Ji Yong, a good-looking home shopping host, and Sohn Ana, a secluded girl who never leaves home and whose only joy of life is home shopping.(Source: OnDemandKorea)",7.2,835,5,"['Nam Gyu Ri', 'Im Seul Ong', 'Sang Hoon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
1418,Monchouchou Globalhouse,https://mydramalist.com/38043-yeonnamdong-global-house,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","Cohabitation, Multiple Mains, Multiple Couples, Settling In Korea, Raised By Grandmother, Web Series, Break Up, Love Triangle, Share House Setting, Student Female Lead ","It tells the work and love story of 6 men and women from all over the world living in a luxurious global share house in Seoul in YeonNamDong, and their stories of life, love, and friendship.Dong Jin Woo is the reliable owner of the share house. At a young age, his parents passed away, and he was raised by his grandmother. Thanks to the real estate investment skills he learned from his grandmother, he became a successful real estate investor who has amassed a lot of assets. In the middle of this sharehouse full of joy with young people of different nationalities, there is Kang Yu Na. As he started to interfere closely with her private life and find fault in it, he fell in love with her.Kang Yu Na is a university student on a leave of absence. She started to work at the global share house as a staff. She starts her romance with the owner of the share house, Dong Jin Woo, and has various friendships with the global youth living in the share house.Nicky fell in love with Korean entertainment through YouTube and settled in Korea. Through his YouTube Channel, he is introducing Korea to people worldwide. He is a funny guy who likes to receive attention and love. He is in a love triangle with Tae Yoon Min and Moon So Ra.(Source: Soompi, Kpopmap)",7.2,445,12,"['Lee Dae Hwi', 'Kang  Min Ah', 'Christian Burgos', 'Jang Min', 'Kim Si Eun', 'Daniel Hicks']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"SBS,  vLive",Park Sun Jae,Unknown
1419,A Hundred Year's Inheritance,https://mydramalist.com/5750-a-hundred-years-inheritance,"Romance,  Drama,  Family","Soap Opera, Food ","Set against the backdrop of an old, shabby shop called Old Noodles, this story is about a family that has been running a noodle factory for three generations. Centered around noodles and the network of people connected to it, the story has the zest of radish water noodles as well as the richness of chopped noodles made with chicken broth. This drama attempts to reaffirm the family values of a wayward family that only stick together for the sake of making money.(Source: MBC)",7.2,1555,50,"['Eugene', 'Lee Jung Jin', 'Yoon Ah Jung', 'Choi Won Young', 'Kim Myung Soo', 'Jung Hye Sun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Joo Sung Woo,Goo Hyun Sook
1420,Mr. Goodbye,https://mydramalist.com/1160-mr.-goodbye,"Business,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Cardiovascular Disease, Hotel Setting, Concierge Female Lead, Hotelier Male Lead, Foreigner Supporting Character, Gay Supporting Character, Sassy Female Lead, LGBTQ+, Father-Son Relationship, Calm Male Lead ","Yoon Hyun Suh is an adoptee who grows up in the United States. He becomes successful as a top manager of a hotel chain. He is assigned to do business in Korea. He falls in love with Choi Young In, a sassy concierge from the hotel he is assigned to. There is trouble still looming because Kang Soo Jin who is Hyun Suh's best friend's ex-wife comes back with vengeance in mind. The three become entagled in this love triangle.(Source: DramaWiki)",7.2,288,16,"['Ahn Jae Wook', 'Lee Bo Young', 'Oh Yoon Ah', 'Kim San Ho', 'Lee Hee Do', 'Jo Dal Hwan']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Unknown,Seo Sook Hyang
1421,Artificial City,https://mydramalist.com/682225-duke-city,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Psychological,  Drama","Broadcasting Industry, Father-in-law - Daughter-in-law Relationship, News Presenter Male Lead, Foundation Director Female Lead, Mother-in-law - Daughter-in-law Relationship, Married Life, Ambitious Female Lead, Popular Male Lead, Society, Conglomerate ","Takes place against the backdrop of an art museum that belongs to Sung Jin Group, a major conglomerate that holds the reins of the political and financial worlds in South Korea. It is a psychological mystery thriller about the things that disappear when humans become greedy and ambitious for power.Yoon Jae Hee is the head of the Sung Jin Cultural Foundation and in charge of operations at “Space Jin,” the art museum owned by Sung Jin Group. She is also the second daughter-in-law of the family that controls Sung Jin Group. Believing that poverty is corrosive to love and that a stable income leads to a steady life, she chose to throw away her long-time lover and entered into a marriage of convenience with Jung Joon Hyuk, an illegitimate son of Sung Jin Group. In order to make her husband the nation’s president, she teams up with the future Public Prosecutor General and goes to war against Sung Jin Group.Jung Joon Hyuk is Yoon Jae Hee’s husband. Although he is a popular anchorman with his own fan club, he hides an inferiority complex over being labeled “the illegitimate son of Sung Jin Group” for his whole life. He laughs at both ambitious people and those who pretend to have no ambition even as he waits for the day when he can seize the reins of power.(Source: Soompi)",7.2,412,20,"['Park Soo Ae', 'Kim Kang Woo', 'Kim Mi Sook', 'Lee Yi Dam', 'Lee Hak Joo', 'Kim Young Jae']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,Jun Chang Geun,Son Se Dong
1422,The Man Who Can't Get Married,https://mydramalist.com/328-the-man-who-cant-get-married,"Comedy,  Romance","MDL Remake, Mental Illness, Obsessive-compulsive Disorder (OCD), Illness, Eccentric Male Lead ","Jo Jae Hee is a man in his 40s who is very stubborn and hasn't gotten married yet. His personality is so unbearable that women don't find him attractable nor a good candidate for marriage. However, Jae Hee, is perfect in everything that he does. His life will be surrounded by three different women. Jang Moon Jung is a doctor that he meets one day, Jung Yoo Jin is his neighbor whom he meets due to a disturbance, and Yoon Ki Ran is his colleague at work.",7.2,1550,16,"['Ji Jin Hee', 'Uhm Jung Hwa', 'Kim So Eun', 'Jeon Yang Ja', 'Bae Min Hee', 'Kim Byung Gi']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Kim Jung Gyu,Yeo Ji Na
1423,Money's Warfare,https://mydramalist.com/1068-moneys-warfare,"Business,  Romance",Adapted From A Manhwa ,"Geum Na Ra is a ruthless private moneylender. Seo Joo Hee is a righteous woman. When problems with her family's debts arise, Joo Hee was supposed to marry a divorced man to solve her family's financial problems. But on the day of the wedding, Geum Na Ra shows up to collect the debts and ends up ruining her plans. Joo Hee vows to take her revenge on him but she falls in love with him instead. Ha Woo Sung, also a moneylender, is a handsome young man who seems to have no worries in life. He and Geum Na Ra are rivals, in business and in love. Lee Cha Yeon is a money banker.(Source: DramaWiki)~~ Adapted from the manhwa “War of Money” (쩐의 전쟁) by Park Yi Kwon (박인권).",7.2,289,20,"['Shin Dong Wook', 'Park Shin Yang', 'Park Jin Hee', 'Jang Dong Jik', 'Jung Jae Soon', 'Shin Goo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Jang Tae Yoo,Lee Hyang Hee
1424,Glamorous Temptation,https://mydramalist.com/15249-glamorous-temptation,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama,  Political","Soap Opera, Revenge, Poor Female Lead, Father-Daughter Relationship, Rich Male Lead ","A young woman learns from her whistleblower Dad that honesty is not the best policy. Soon after her marriage, she is saddled with crushing debt that she has no ability to repay. But through a series of events, she finds herself on track in joining the top wealthiest 1% and makes a deliberate effort to uncover their misdeeds and hypocrisy. Her efforts reveal limitless greed and lust for power fueled by the pursuit of money and profits. Two friends struggle to reach the same goal, which inadvertently forces them to cross paths as rivals that result in anguish, tense relations, betrayal and a love triangle. And through this turmoil, there is a happy ending of forgiveness and rediscovery of family. (Source: MBC)",7.2,772,50,"['Joo Sang Wook', 'Choi Kang Hee', 'Cha Ye Ryun', 'Jung Jin Young', 'Kim Sae Ron', 'Nam Joo Hyuk']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Kim Sang Hyub,  Kim Hee Won","Son Young Mok,  Cha Yi Young"
1425,My Runway,https://mydramalist.com/21924-my-runway,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Supernatural","Body Swap, Modeling, Famous Lead/Common Lead, Mean Male Lead, Opposites Attract, Female Chases Male First, Bromance, Student Female Lead, School Setting, Model Female Lead ","Han Seo Yeon is a bright, healthy, and outgoing high school student who dreams of becoming a model. Jin Wook is one of the top models in Korea. Han Seo Yeon and Jin Wook end up meeting each other at a casting, where Jin Wook is one of the judges. The casting does not go Seo Yeon's way, and she leaves disappointed: then an incident occurs where the top model, and the aspiring model switch bodies.",7.2,4929,6,"['Park Ji Yeon', 'Kim Dong Ho', 'Kisum', 'Ahn Bo Hyun', 'Yang Hak Jin', 'Kang Chul Woong']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC Dramanet,Unknown,Unknown
1426,Endless Love,https://mydramalist.com/9586-endless-love-2014,"Action,  Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Childhood Friends' Relationship, Death Of A Mother, Age Gap [Real Life], Brothers' Relationship, Soap Opera, Multiple Mains, Death, Murder, Love Triangle, Friendship ","A drama about Korean politics and financial situations in the 1970-1990s through the life of a woman.After a traumatic past of witnessing her mother's death, Seo In Ae grows up as an ambitious woman with a sharp mind who knows how to grab people's hearts, while still holding hope to avenge her mother someday. Since childhood, her life has been entangled with two opposite-personalities brothers from poor fisherman family, Han Kwang Hoon and Han Kwang Chul. Kwang Hoon is the elder brother and an ambitious man. Kwang Chul has never stopped loving In Ae, who is his older brother's lover.",7.2,701,37,"['Ryu Soo Young', 'Hwang Jung Eum', 'Jung Kyung Ho', 'Jung Woong In', 'Shim Hye Jin', 'Jeon So Min']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Lee Hyun Jik,Na Yun Sook
1427,My Fair Lady,https://mydramalist.com/100-my-fair-lady,"Comedy,  Romance","Arrogant Female Lead, Love Triangle, Spoiled Female Lead, Rich Female Lead, Rich Woman/Poor Man, Hardworking Male Lead, Poor Male Lead, MDL Remake, Love Square ","Of the high-rolling top 'hot celebrities' of the wealthy upper class in Korea's high society, Kang Hye Na is the one desired by the men, feared and hated by the women. Being the only successor to the largest conglomerate company, Kang San Group, Kang Hye Na has both the looks and the background. She is the owner of the 'Lady Castle' and lives a 'princess-like' life with her servants.Until one day, out of pure coincidence, she comes across Seo Dong Chan who turns her life upside down. Not only does he make her do community service, he even kidnaps her... and now he's the new household manager!!! Even after stepping on him, crushing him and biting him, he still doesn't run away. She may have finally met her match.",7.2,9149,16,"['Yoon Eun Hye', 'Yoon Sang Hyun', 'Moon Chae Won', 'Jung Il Woo', 'Kwon Ki Sun', 'Heo Tae Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Ji Young Soo,"Kim Eun Hee,  Yoon Eun Kyung"
1428,Spring Day,https://mydramalist.com/1196-spring-day,"Romance,  Drama","Love Triangle, Muteness, Trauma, Older Woman/Younger Man, Adoption, MDL Remake, Doctor Male Lead, Brothers' Relationship, Raised By Grandfather, Brothers Love Same Woman ","Jung Eun is abandoned by her parents and suffers from absolute loneliness. She started learning piano when she was young and tried to enter a music college but failed. She also failed the orchestra audition. She reunites with Eun Ho, whom she met when she was young, and she grows fond feelings for him. Eun Ho loses his mother and his memory in a car accident. Eun Sub, Eun Ho's stepbrother, falls in love with Jung Eun, a woman who likes his brother. How will the love story of brothers for a woman end?(Source: KOCOWA)",7.2,297,20,"['Go Hyun Jung', 'Zo In Sung', 'Ji Jin Hee', 'Han Go Eun', 'Lee So Yeon', 'Lee Hwi Hyang']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Kim Jong Hyeok,Kim Gyoo Wan
1429,YG Future Strategy Office,https://mydramalist.com/30887-yg-future-strategy-office,"Music,  Business,  Comedy","Web Series, Black Comedy, Mockumentary, Workplace Setting, Entertainment Industry, K-Pop, Miniseries ","K-pop star Seungri, BIGBANG's youngest member, tries to lead a team of bumbling staff at YG's Future Strategy Office in this mockumentary sitcom.",7.2,1355,8,"['Seungri', 'Yoo Byung Jae', 'Lee Jae Jin', 'Son Se Bin', 'Baek Young Kwang', 'Kim Ga Eun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Netflix,Park Joon Soo,Unknown
1430,Life After One Minute,https://mydramalist.com/723377-life-after-one-minute,"Romance,  Youth,  Supernatural","School Setting, Short Length Series, Clairvoyance, Supernatural Power, Miniseries, High School, Precognition, Student, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Rich Male Lead ",The story of Lee Segye who can see one minute into the future and Ha Nabi who caught his eye. (Source: TabbyCallie at MyDramaList),7.2,207,4,"['Kim Da Som', 'Choi Jae Hyeok', 'Kang Ji Eun']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1431,My Precious You,https://mydramalist.com/697-my-precious-you,Romance,"Enemies To Lovers, Family ","Jang In Ho is a radio PD who grew up without a mother. Jeon Seol is a talented singer and composer, however, a scandal about beating his ex-wife caused him to quit his job. He also has a dark past as his father committed suicide after his business failure. When they first meet, they don't get along, but as time passes they begin to fall for each other. However, a secret between their families threatens their relationship.",7.2,257,54,"['Kim Sung Soo', 'Lee Tae Ran', 'Ji Hyun Woo', 'Song Joong Ki', 'Na Moon Hee', 'Hong Soo Ah']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Jun Chang Geun,Park Hyun Joo
1432,Cheongdamdong Alice,https://mydramalist.com/5184-cheongdamdong-alice,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Rivalry, Eccentric Male Lead, Fashion Industry, Lying, Rags To Riches, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Marriage ","Han Se Kyung is a young woman with a very positive character. Her motto is ""effort will take me as far as I want to go"". She wins many designing contests and finally joins a clothing company. But, at work, Han Se Kyung does errands and chores rather than design. Meanwhile, the wife of an upper management employment at the clothing company humiliates Han Se Kyung. The wife is actually a former high school classmate of Han Se Kyung who didn't do better than her in school. This makes Han Se Kyung look back on her life.",7.2,8255,16,"['Moon Geun Young', 'Park Shi Hoo', 'So Yi Hyun', 'Kim Ji Suk', 'Kim Seung Soo', 'Kim Yoo Ri']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Jo Soo Won,"Kim Jin Hee,  Kim Ji Woon"
1433,Wild Chives and Soy Bean Soup,https://mydramalist.com/9420-wild-chives-and-soy-bean-soup-12-years-reunion,"Food,  Romance,  Drama","Unexpected Pregnancy, Miscarriage, Teenage Pregnancy, Pregnancy, High School To Working Life, Rags To Riches, High School, Rich Male Lead, First Love, Student Female Lead ","Jang Guk is a country bumpkin who just transferred into a school in Seoul. She falls for Yoo Jun Su, the most popular boy in school. As her crush on him grows, they spent the night together which leads to her pregnancy. Their two families are thrown into chaos and Jang Guk suffers a miscarriage due to an accident. Jang Guk’s mother sends her away to the U.S., hoping that her daughter would be able to lead a new life. They meet again 12 years later, but Jun Su does not recognise Jang Guk.(Source: JTBC)",7.2,2853,26,"['Lee So Yeon', 'Namkoong Min', 'Lee Tae Im', 'Park Hae Mi', 'Shin Dong Mi', 'Song Young Kyu']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,Yoon Jae Won,Unknown
1434,Happy Merry Ending,https://mydramalist.com/733317-happy-merry-ending,"Romance,  Drama","Gay Male Lead, Gay Romance, Reserved Male Lead, LGBTQ+, Adapted From A Webtoon, Panic Disorder, Opposites Attract, Singer Male Lead, Company President (CEO) Male Lead, Anxiety ","Seung Jun is a singing coach and part-time singer at weddings, where he performs without any enthusiasm. He is insecure and withdrawn and has suffered panic attacks since being brutally dumped by his first love. Jae Hyun, a newly hired pianist at the wedding venue, becomes instantly besotted when he meets Seung Jun and immediately sets out to pursue him romantically. Seung Jun, while not rejecting Jae Hyun’s advances outright, is unable to let anyone get close to him. As the two continue to work together at weddings, will the warm and outgoing Jae Hyun succeed in wearing down Seung Jun’s defences?(Source: MyDramaList)~~ Adapted from the webtoon “Happy Merry Ending” (해피메리엔딩) by dorae (도래).",7.2,4794,8,"['Lee Dong Won', 'Byun Sung Tae', 'Kim Kyu Jong', 'Shin Myung Sung', 'Song Yu Vin', 'Baek Ye Bin']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Unknown,Min Chae Yeon,Seok Bo Bae
1435,The Cravings,https://mydramalist.com/14156-the-cravings,"Food,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","Miniseries, Web Series, Workplace Setting, Office Setting, Office Worker Female Lead, Foodie Female Lead, Short Length Series, Workplace Romance, Nice Female Lead, Strong Female Lead ","All singles want to try it and eat it! The story of a single woman's gluttony.{Episode 1 - The Taste of Going Home From Work} - Stress at work? Eat more. It's all that lasts.{Episode 2 - Taste of Taboo} - Maybe you'll regret it once you bite it, but you have to taste it to know what relationships are like. {Episode 3 - The Taste of Misfortune} - The more you lose, the lighter you get, and the bigger your freedom gets.{Episode 4 - Unexpected Taste} - There are times when it doesn't seem tasty, but it actually is. The same goes for people.{Episode 5 - The Taste of Friendship} - There's nothing better than a good friend. The kind that fills you up to the soul.{Episode 6 - The Taste of Balancing} - Let's not worry about the things that aren't here yet or bother me. Life is just a meal until the day you die.",7.2,272,6,"['Park Hee Bon', 'Choi Phillip', 'Hong Wan Pyo', 'Lee Woo Jung', 'Choi Bae Young', 'Kim Tae Yong']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,"Lee Byung Hun,  Yoon Sung Ho,  Lee Rang,  Park Jae Min,  Park Hyun Jin",Unknown
1436,My Sweet Dear,https://mydramalist.com/709451-my-sweet-dear,"Food,  Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Gay Romance, Miniseries, Cooking, Co-workers' Relationship, Restaurant Setting, Chef Male Lead, Gay Male Lead, Rivals To Lovers, Rivalry, Workplace Setting ","Yoon Do Gun is a highly talented chef and is the culinary creative genius behind Laura Dining, a top, critically acclaimed restaurant. But although Yoon Do Gun’s hard work has won Laura Dining to the top of the South Korean restaurant scene, the eponymous restaurant owner and Yoon Do Gun are beginning to pull in very different directions. While she wants to ensure that the menu is always packed with crowd-pleasing dishes, Yoon Do Gun wants to challenge diners with creative and newer preparations.The falling-out intensifies when the owner hires Choi Jung Woo to work in the same kitchen. The latter is a talented chef in his own right, but his real skills are in copying other people’s hit recipes, rather than developing his own. Although the two chefs begin on the wrong foot, adopting an adversarial stance to one another, after getting to know one another, the beginnings of an unlikely love story start to form. Could rivalry turn to romance as the heat intensifies in the kitchen?(Source: Viki)",7.2,9699,8,"['Jang Eui Soo', 'Lee Chan Hyung', 'Jang Do Yoon', 'Jo Seo Hu', 'Oh Seung Jun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Viki,So Joon Moon,Jang Joo Yeon
1437,Medical Top Team,https://mydramalist.com/7453-medical-top-team,"Drama,  Medical","Financial Conflict, Hospital Management, Hardworking Male Lead, Hardworking Female Lead, Conglomerate, Teamwork, Sassy Female Lead, Orphan Male Lead, Power Struggle, Healing ",Follows the journey of creating Korea’s best multidisciplinary medical team and the stories of doctors inside. Characters who have different hurts and dilemmas struggle as they get to work together and gradually learn that healing a person is healing oneself.(Source: MBC),7.2,2384,20,"['Kwon Sang Woo', 'Joo Ji Hoon', 'Jung Ryeo Won', 'Oh Yeon Seo', 'Choi Min Ho', 'Park Won Sang']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Kim Do Hoon,Yoon Kyung Ah
1438,First Kiss,https://mydramalist.com/30580-first-kiss,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","Sweet Male Lead, Infidelity, Love Triangle, Short Length Series, Long-Term Relationship, Character Development, Friendship ","The kiss of that day ruined everything.This story begins with a sudden kiss that is to show what four men and women want when they want to say goodbye to each other! This is a complicated, bitter-sweet fantasy love story of four people who come together to experience real love.The series is a sequel to Moment, Studio Lululala’s representative digital drama series. The emotions men and women often feel when they’re on a date will be described in an advanced format with refreshing characters. There is a couple who have gotten bored with each other. And there is another couple who broke up after hurting each other.Four different young men and women come together to resolve the complicated problems of their love affairs. A couple who dream of starting a new love and another couple who dreams of having a perfect farewell ceremony. Will they be able to reach the end of the story they want?(Source: JTBC)",7.2,203,20,"['Shin Do Hyun', 'Do Won', 'Gong Yoo Rim', 'No Seong Su']",Not Yet Rated,jTBC,Unknown,Unknown
1439,"Sang Doo, Let's Go To School",https://mydramalist.com/496-sang-doo-lets-go-to-school,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Pityful Male Lead, Devoted Male Lead, Manslaughter, Adopted Female Lead, Lovers Separated, Meet Again, Jealousy, Child Abandonment, Father-Daughter Relationship, Misunderstanding ","Cha Sang Doo and Chae Eun Hwan grew up as the best of friends. One day, Eun Hwan's family goes bankrupt and debtors rushed to collect their belongings. When her father's old record player was being taken, Sang Doo goes after the guy, accidentally killing him. After being released from prison, he finds that his family and Eun Hwan have left him. Years later, he becomes a gigolo (with his uncle) to pay off his sick daughter's hospital bills. He eventually meets his long-lost first love, Eun Hwan as a high school math teacher. In an effort to regain her love, he returns as a high school student in her class. As everything seems to be going smoothly, circumstances prevent them from staying together.",7.2,1176,16,"['Rain', 'Gong Hyo Jin', 'Lee Dong Gun', 'Hong Soo Hyun', 'Lee Young Ha', 'Jeon Hye Bin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Lee Hyung Min,Lee Kyung Hee
1440,Beethoven Virus,https://mydramalist.com/135-beethoven-virus,"Music,  Romance,  Drama,  Political","Orchestra Conductor Male Lead, Violinist Female Lead, Musician Female Lead, Musician Male Lead, Classical Music, Family Relationship, Slice Of Life, Love Triangle, Friendship ","Du Ru Mi, a struggling violinist by night working for the mayor by day, is put in charge of setting up a city orchestra. When she is scammed out of the startup funds, she tries to hide it by recruiting any and all volunteers, leading to a rag-tag group of members with varying levels of experience. To lead them, she convinces an esteemed conductor, the infamous Kang Gun Woo, into helping out. Amidst rivalry between members, including Ru Mi's musical prodigy neighbor who works as an officer, also named Kang Gun Woo, and recurring political issues, the group tries to follow their orchestral dreams, and eventually realizes how friends can become like family.",7.2,3718,18,"['Kim Myung Min', 'Jang Geun Suk', 'Lee Ji Ah', 'Hyun Jyu Ni', 'Hwang Young Hee', 'Park Kil Soo']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,MBC,Lee Jae Gyoo,Hong Jin Ah
1441,I Have Three Boyfriends,https://mydramalist.com/38571-i-have-three-boyfriends,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Reverse-Harem, Web Series, Sweet Male Lead, Love Square, Liar Female Lead, Miniseries, Amnesia, Car Accident, Older Man/Younger Woman, Older Woman/Younger Man ","The amnesia that came with the accident, and the three boyfriends that appeared in front of you. A triple romance story with three men. When I opened my eyes, I saw three boyfriends.",7.2,1311,10,"['Kim Ji Eun', 'Park Sung Woo', 'Moon Ji Hoo', 'Lee Jung Sic', 'Lee Hyo Na']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
1442,Today Office Tomorrow Romance,https://mydramalist.com/63611-today-office-tomorrow-romance,"Romance,  Drama","Workplace Setting, Office Setting, Office Worker Female Lead, Short Length Series, Workplace Romance, Miniseries, Web Series ","Kang Hye Mi is an office worker who's been at KS International for 4 years. She used to always be confident and energetic but lost her confidence and faith in love after witnessing her scum ex-boyfriend cheat on her. To make matters worse, her ex-boyfriend is a general manager at her company, and she can't avoid running into him. Like with all office romances, she becomes the topic of all kinds of rumors after breaking up with him. The stress and difficulties have been enough for her to consider resignation constantly.One day, she bumps into Na Jung Gook on her way to work and misses the bus, ruining an important presentation. Ironically, Na Jung Gook is joining Kang Hye Mi's team as a new employee, and they become a mentor and mentee. Na Jung Gook is a rare newcomer who is passionate about everything, without avoiding his boss, and who lives by maintaining a work-life balance.As Kang Hye Mi works with Na Jung Gook, she finds herself increasingly attracted to him. And the past relationship between Kang Hye Mi and Na Jung Gook is...",7.1,392,10,"['Im Do Hwa', 'Park Sung Woo', 'Im So Young', 'Lee Ye Young', 'Lee Seung Chul', 'Cho Hoon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Hwang  Gyung Sung,Unknown
1443,Persona,https://mydramalist.com/33704-persona,"Thriller,  Romance,  Drama","Miniseries, Strong Female Lead, Sismance, Psychological, Anthology, Father-Daughter Relationship, Infidelity, Sports, Friendship, Rivalry ","Persona is a an anthology series containing 4 different parts. Each part directed by different directors tells separate stories starring IU as the lead. ""Love Set"", directed by Lee Kyung Mi,  follows an intense tennis match between IU and  Doo Na. The stakes of the match are high for both women. ""Collector"", directed by Im Pil Sung, tells the story of an alluring woman, Eun, who loves to seduce men and a man willing to do anything for her love. ""Kiss Burn"", directed by Jeon Go Woon, depicts the many attempts at revenge made by two school girls, Han Na and Hye Bok, on  Hye Bok's unreasonable father. Shot in black and white, ""Walking at Night"", directed by Kim Jong Kwan, recounts the sorrowful story of two former lovers who go for a walk in the man's dream, reminiscing on their love and saying things they do not have the chance to in real life.(Source: MyDramaList)",7.1,7752,4,"['IU', 'Bae Doo Na', 'Kim Tae Hoon', 'Pierce Conran', 'Park Hae Soo', 'Bae So Young']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),Netflix,"Im Pil Sung,  Kim Jong Kwan,  Lee Kyung Mi,  Jeon Go Woon",Unknown
1444,Happy Ending Romance,https://mydramalist.com/720645-happy-ending-outside-the-fence,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Writer Male Lead, Gay Male Lead, Gay Romance, LGBTQ+, Popular Male Lead, Age Gap [Real Life], Miniseries, Web Series, Publishing House Setting, Expressed Consent ","Cha Jung Woo might have had a bright future as a writer, had he not been unable to stay silent after witnessing corruption among his seniors. Unfortunately, by choosing to speak out against unscrupulous behavior, Jung Woo essentially ended his career before it had even begun. At least that’s how things would have gone, had Kim Jung Hyun not chosen to stand beside him.One of the literary world’s brightest stars, Jung Hyun is not frightened off by Jung Woo’s tarnished reputation and offers him a refuge in which to reconsider his future. Strongly protective of his young friend, Jung Hyun is more than a little wary when Jung Woo is approached by the enterprising young publisher, Han Tae Young. Firmly believing that Jung Woo must write again, Tae Young is prepared to risk his own future in bringing this about, and makes Jung Woo an offer he cannot refuse. But Jung Hyun isn’t convinced that Tae Young’s motives are entirely noble.Fueled by jealousy and suspicion, Jung Hyun tries to keep Jung Woo away from the ambitious publisher; but despite all his efforts, Jung Woo seems unable to resist Tae Young’s many charms. Torn between the writer he looks up to and the publisher he can’t resist, where will Jung Woo’s wavering heart land? (Source: Viki; edited by MyDramaList)",7.1,3721,8,"['Leo', 'Ha Jong Woo', 'Karam', 'Kim Kwang Gyu', 'Im Tu Cheol', 'Jung Ji Yeon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Seong Do Joon,Lee Seo Jung
1445,Panda and Hedgehog,https://mydramalist.com/4518-panda-and-hedgehog,"Food,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Baking, Love Triangle, Cooking, Bromance, Patissier Male Lead, Café Owner Female Lead, Company President (CEO) Male Lead, Family Relationship, Family Secret, Poor Female Lead ","Pan Da Yang is a bright young woman and the owner of a small neighborhood cake shop. She then becomes involved in a love triangle with Ko Seung Ji, a gifted pâtissier with a rough personality and troubled past, and Choi Won Il, a wealthy man who loves Pan Da Yang and also happens to be the owner of an elite local bakery. The competition heats up when the rival shops clash, and the families involved have to figure out where they all stand in connection to each other.",7.1,9176,16,"['Choi Jin Hyuk', 'Lee Dong Hae', 'Yoon Seung Ah', 'Yoo So Young', 'Yoon Sang Hoon', 'Hyun Suk']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Channel A,Lee Min Chul,Han Joon Young
1446,Invincible Parachute Agent,https://mydramalist.com/1945-invincible-parachute-agent,"Action,  Comedy,  Crime,  Drama","Sibling Rivalry, Misunderstanding, Espionage ","Choi Kang, a freeloader at home, has a hard time finding a job after being expelled from high school for fighting. He is admired by the gangs for his fighting ability, but his younger brother, working in the prestigious LK Corp., looks down on him. Then a little luck and a bit of fortune land him a meeting with the President and a job at the KSA (Korean Secret Agency)... and perhaps a girl or two are coming his way as well.",7.1,216,16,"['Shin Sung Woo', 'Yoon Ji Min', 'Eric Mun', 'Han Ji Min', 'Ahn Kil Kang', 'Choi Jung Won']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Boo Sung Chul,  Lee Yong Seok","Park Sang Hee,  Kim Ki Ho,  Lee Sun Mi"
1447,Black Knight,https://mydramalist.com/25809-black-knight,"Romance,  Drama,  Fantasy,  Melodrama","Childhood Friends' Relationship, Seaside Setting, Predjama Castle, Sworn Enemy, Reincarnated Lovers, Healing, Immortality, Special Power, Immortal, Enemies To Lovers ","“Black Knight” is a love story between a woman who is waiting for the love of her life and a man who is willing to do anything to protect his love. The story spans over two hundred years. Moon Soo Ho is a businessman with a pure heart, but he never shows his true colors to anyone except for Jung Hae Ra, a travel agent who has never traveled abroad. Soo Ho and Hae Ra grew up like siblings in Hae Ra's house, but they got separated later. They meet each other after they grow up and love approaches them as if it were fate. Will their love survive despite all the faltering events?(Source: Viki)",7.1,5085,20,"['Kim Rae Won', 'Shin Sae Kyeong', 'Seo Ji Hye', 'Jang Mi Hee', 'Kim Hyun Joon', 'Hwang Jung Min']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Han Sang Woo,Kim In Young
1448,My Daughter Geum Sa Wol,https://mydramalist.com/14754-my-daughter-geum-sa-wol,"Romance,  Drama,  Family",Soap Opera ,"Geum Sa Wol is a genius architect who grew up in an orphanage. Despite the hardships she faced while growing up, she always stayed positive and never despaired no matter how tough life became. Her biological mother Deuk-ye had her through an extramarital affair with an ex-boyfriend and plots revenge on her husband and his mother. After a considerable amount of time has passed, Sa Wol meets her mother but both of them do not recognize each other. Instead, they get to know each other as mother-in-law and daughter-in-law.(Source: MBC)",7.1,567,51,"['Baek Jin Hee', 'Yoon Hyun Min', 'Jeon In Hwa', 'Do Sang Woo', 'Park Se Young', 'Son Chang Min']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Baek Ho Min,  Lee Jae Jin",Kim Soon Ok
1449,Manhole,https://mydramalist.com/23467-manhole,"Thriller,  Comedy,  Romance,  Fantasy","Time Travel, School Setting, Summer Setting, Childhood Friends' Relationship, Cheerful Male Lead, Stalking, Photography, Vacation, Male Chases Female First, Eccentric Male Lead ","It tells the story of Bong Pil, an unemployed man who mooches off his parents while pretending to study for the civil service exam. Bong Pil time travels into the past through a manhole in an effort to stop the wedding of his lifelong crush, Soo Jin, set to happen one week into the future.",7.1,3309,16,"['Uee', 'Kim Jae Joong', 'Jung Hye Sung', 'Cha Sun Woo', 'Seo Young', 'Ri Min']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Yoo Young Eun,  Park Man Young",Lee Jae Gon
1450,It's My Life,https://mydramalist.com/31465-it-s-my-life,"Business,  Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Childhood Friends' Relationship, Fashion Designer Female Lead, Cheerful Female Lead, Competent Female Lead, Fashion Industry, Tough Female Lead, Dissociative Amnesia, Successful Female Lead, Successful Male Lead, Benevolent Mother ","Yang Nam Jin is an average guy from a small fish town. While running an employment agency, he always volunteers to help the community. He was raised by a single mother. But, as it turns out, he is from a rich family. Now Nam Jin is a grandson of the chairman and a potential heir for a fashion conglomerate. Aiming to the top, he is ready to compete with Grandfather's other grandson, Choi Shi Woo. But the company isn’t the only thing they want to take from one another. Enters Han Seung Joo, a strong-willed woman who wants to make her own name as a fashion designer. With Jin Ah, Nam Jin’s first love who is desperate for success, they have an unpredictable love square. Will there be happiness and love at the end of their journey?(Source: OnDrmandKorea)",7.1,213,124,"['Park  Yoon Jae', 'Seo Hyo Rim', 'Jin Ye Sol', 'Kang Tae Sung', 'Kim Hye Ri', 'Kang Shin Il']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS1,Kwak Gi Won,Park Gye Hyung
1451,Romance Special Law,https://mydramalist.com/25353-romance-special-law,"Comedy,  Law,  Romance","Judge Male Lead, Love At First Sight, Miniseries, Web Series, Nice Male Lead ","Judge Jung is the youngest to be a judge and is considered the idol of the judges. He is a gentle and kind man whose hobby is volunteering and specialty is cleaning. Although he looks perfect on the outside, he has never dated a woman before. One day he bumps into a woman on his way to work. The woman he bumps into is Ji Hye, the owner of a workshop. To make things worse, Ji Hye’s hair gets stuck on Eui Chan’s shirt and her makeup leaves a stain on his shirt. Ji Hye hurries away, but Eui Chan falls in love with her at first sight.(Source: KOCOWA)",7.1,893,6,"['Park Cho Rong', 'Kim Min Gue', 'Hyuk', 'Ryu Jin', 'Myung Seok Geun', 'Lee Seo Yi']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Naver TV Cast,Park Sun Jae,Unknown
1452,I Love You,https://mydramalist.com/1185-saranghae,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","Age Gap [Drama Life], Age Gap [Real Life], Unexpected Pregnancy, One-night Stand, Marriage Of Convenience, Adapted From A Manhwa, Multiple Couples ",Suk Chul Soo and Na Young Hee are a newly wedded couple with an age gap of 14 years. This is a drama that tells the story of a couple who just had a baby because of a one night stand. It will portray the modern generation's view on love and marriage as well as the responsibility of raising a child. Park Byung Ho was thoughtless and threw away his child for a better income and life who later regrets this and learns to love.,7.1,260,16,"['Seo Ji Hye', 'Ahn Jae Wook', 'Jo Mi Ryung', 'Hwanhee', 'Gong Hyung Jin', 'Kim Yong Gun']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,"Lee Chang Han,  Seong Do Joon",Choi Soo Jin
1453,Girl of 0AM,https://mydramalist.com/14047-girl-of-0am,"Comedy,  Romance,  Fantasy","Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series ","Gong Ji Dan, dreams of becoming a superstar. He coincidentally becomes in charge of a karaoke business, allowing him to grow as a singer. Meanwhile, Min Se Ra is a part-time worker, who leads Ji Dan to become a singer and holds a mysterious secret.",7.1,2040,8,"['Nam Tae Hyun', 'Kim Min Ji', 'Son Jin Young', 'Kim Kwang Sub', 'Kim Hak Ryong', 'Sul Ji Yoon']",Not Yet Rated,MBC every1,Unknown,Unknown
1454,Bad Couple,https://mydramalist.com/649-bad-couple,"Comedy,  Romance","Multiple Couples, Infidelity, Older Woman/Younger Man, Sismance, Pregnancy, Family, Friendship ","Choi Gi Chan is a University Botanic Professor with the ""perfect genes"". The drama is about an editor of a fashion magazine, Kim Dang Ja, who suddenly develops an urge to have her own baby despite opposing the idea of marriage. The story will talk about Dang Ja striving to look for a man with perfect genes to accomplish her mission. Gi Chan happens to be her ""target"" in order for her to accomplish her mission. The story later develops as Dang Ja must persuade him to do it without any commitments, which is a problem because Gi Chan doesn't believe in the idea of sex before marriage.~~ This drama is the third series in the SBS ""Bad"" trilogy.",7.1,1283,16,"['Shin Eun Kyung', 'Ryu Soo Young', 'Byun Jung Soo', 'Choi Jung Yoon', 'Park  Sang Min', 'Chae Min Seo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Lee Myung Woo,Choi Soon Shik
1455,Click Your Heart,https://mydramalist.com/17065-click-your-heart,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth","Alternate Ending, Interactive, Miniseries, High School, Web Series, Short Length Series, Unlucky Female Lead, Love Square, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead ",They can’t resist her clumsy charms. Kwon Mi Na is a peppy high school girl who keeps getting into difficult situations because of her clumsiness. But that doesn’t seem to deter four very different boys from taking an interest in her.Kim Ro Woon is the star baseball pitcher. Kim Da Won is the school’s top student and a longtime friend of Mi Na’s. Baek Ju Ho acts like a cold street thug but has a heart of gold for people who earn his trust. Kang Cha Ni is a boy band member who is passionate about dancing. Which boy will capture Mi Na’s heart?“Click Your Heart” is a 2016 South Korean web drama series where the viewers got to choose the ending of each episode through their votes.(Source: Viki),7.1,8529,7,"['Mina', 'Zuho', 'Chani', 'Rowoon', 'Dawon', 'Hwiyoung']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Naver TV Cast,Min Doo Shik,Unknown
1456,My Heart Twinkle Twinkle,https://mydramalist.com/11942-my-heart-twinkle-twinkle,"Romance,  Drama,  Family,  Melodrama","Multiple Couples, Obsessive Male Lead, Possessive Male Lead, Death, Power Struggle, Unrequited Love, Antihero Male Lead, Death Of A Mother, Company President (CEO) Male Lead, Age Gap [Drama Life] ","Soon Jin's father owns chicken restaurant Jinshim. She has two younger sisters: Soon Soo and Soon Jung. Since her mother died, Soon Jin has taken care of her father and her two younger sisters. She now also runs their chicken restaurant Jinshim. Soon Jin must worry about rival chicken restaurant, Woontak, run by a cold-blooded man.Soon Soo is the middle daughter. She has an attractive appearance and plays the piano well. Due to breaking up with her first love and her poor family background, she feels miserable.Soon Jung is the youngest daughter. She is proud of her father. She becomes involved with two men: Soon Cheol and Do Hoon.",7.1,721,26,"['Jang Shin Young', 'Bae Soo Bin', 'Nam Bo Ra', 'Lee Tae Im', 'Lee Pil Mo', 'Oh Chang Seok']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Kim Yoo Jin,Jo Jung Seon
1457,Man Who Dies to Live,https://mydramalist.com/23777-man-who-dies-to-live,"Comedy,  Drama,  Family","Fake Relationship, Extravagant Male Lead, Family Reunion, Infidelity, Father-Daughter Relationship, Mistaken Identity, Misunderstanding, Rags To Riches, Rich Male Lead ","In the late 1970's, Jang Dal Goo went to the Middle East and settled down in the small kingdom. He became Count Saeed Fahd Ali and found success there, but he returns to South Korea to find his daughter. He appears in front his daughter Lee Ji Young and his son-in-law Kang Ho Rim.Lee Ji Young has a positive personality and her dream is to have a happy family and become a writer. Kang Ho Rim has a great looking appearance and works as an ordinary salaryman.",7.1,352,24,"['Choi Min Soo', 'Kang Ye Won', 'Shin Sung Rok', 'Lee So Yeon', 'Jasper Cho', 'Kim Byung Ok']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Go Dong Sun,Kim Sun Hee
1458,Love Letter,https://mydramalist.com/980-love-letter-2003,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Priest Supporting Character, Priest Male Lead, Orphan Male Lead, Deafness, Love Triangle, Medical ","As a young ""orphan"", Lee Woo Jin / Andrew received horrible treatment while growing up under the care of his aunt (father's sister). When his uncle (mother's brother), a priest, found out what happened, he took him under his wings. Growing up in the church orphanage, Andrew longed to become a priest. Years later, Jo Eun Ha came to live in the orphanage after her mother passed away. Although at first, Eun Ha was hostile to everyone, Andrew succeeded to become her friend and the two became inseparable throughout their high school years. They rented a place of their own and became roommates after moving to the city to attend university. Eun Ha hides her feelings from Andrew knowing that his goal was to become a priest. While in college, they made friends with Jung Woo Jin who fell in love with Eun Ha. Andrew also discovered that he had feelings for Eun Ha. To complicate things, Jung Woo Jin's stepmother was actually Andrew's birth mother who abandoned him to remarry. Will he choose love over priesthood?(Source: DramaWiki)",7.1,235,16,"['Jo Hyun Jae', 'Ji Jin Hee', 'Park Soo Ae', 'Son Hyun Joo', 'Kim Young Ae', 'Kim Yoon Kyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Oh Kyung Hoon,Unknown
1459,Call of the Country,https://mydramalist.com/381-call-of-the-country,"Mystery,  Comedy,  Romance","Eccentric Female Lead, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Investigation ","Oh Ha Na is a lowly policewoman who lacks a sense of duty and believes that it is worth bending the rules in order to achieve your aims. She meets and begins to investigate Go Jin Hyuk, an elite intelligence agent, and they clash instantly based on their different morals. Their initial dislike of each other masks their romantic attraction, but this development is hindered by the existence of Choi Eun Seo, Jin Hyuk's first love. (Source: Dramabeans)",7.1,1029,16,"['Lee Soo Kyung', 'Kim Sang Kyung', 'Ho Ran', 'Ryu Jin', 'Hyun Woo', 'Im Seung Dae']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Kim Jung Gyu,"Lee Jin Mae,  Choi I Rang"
1460,Cinderella's Sister,https://mydramalist.com/50-cinderellas-sister,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Cold Female Lead, Gold Digger Mother, Warm Man/Cold Woman, Antihero Male Lead, Winery, Recomposed Family, Illegitimate Male Lead, Nice Stepfather, Independent Female Lead, Selfish Mother ","A modern day adaptation of Cinderella with a twist as our Cinderella, Goo Hyo Sun, is loved by everyone whereas her stepsister, Eun Jo, has a dark past and struggles with the fact that her mother starts to care more for Hyo Sun than her.",7.1,7476,20,"['Moon Geun Young', 'Chun Jung Myung', 'Ok Taec Yeon', 'Seo Woo', 'Nam Kyung Min', 'Kim Gab Soo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Kim Won Suk,  Kim Young Jo",Kim Gyoo Wan
1461,Cloud Stairs,https://mydramalist.com/923-cloud-stairs,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Doctor Male Lead, Hidden Identity, Rich Woman/Poor Man, Nice Male Lead, Poor Male Lead, Adapted From A Novel, Love Triangle ","Choi Jung Soo was left in an orphanage by his father who could no longer take care of him after his wife left him for another man. He had a bright future in medicine but could ill afford the tuition fee. In despair, he took off to the remote island where his father grew up in the hope that he would find him there. He ended up spending 7 years there working under the guidance of the island's only doctor and became very good at it. But when he saved Yoon Jung Won who suffered from an acute appendicitis, he became mistaken as a skillful doctor and his life became complicated. Yoon Jung Won was the daughter of the owner of an elite hospital in Seoul and the two began to develop feelings for each other even though she was engaged to be married. He couldn't help falling in love with Jung Won and began to lie to himself and others about his medical credentials. The higher he rose, the harder he fell. The love that he thought would give him everything turned into poison. He lost his world except the love of his woman who stood by him no matter what.~~ Based on the novel ""Kumo no Kaidan"" by Junichi Watanabe",7.1,214,16,"['Han Ji Hye', 'Shin Dong Wook', 'Kim Jung Hyun', 'Im Jung Eun', 'Lee Mi Young', 'Yang Geum Suk']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,"Seong Do Joon,  Kim Yong Kyu","Kim Shi Hyun,  Yoo Hyeon Joo"
1462,True Ending,https://mydramalist.com/54775-true-ending,"Romance,  Youth","Unrequited Love, Web Series, Friendship, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Best Friends' Relationship, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, Ex-Best Friend Comes Back ","The webdrama True Ending, casting K-pop girl group Elris' Yukyung and Karin, is a romance drama about students growing up and the changing emotions and immature relationships they experience while trying to find their real selves.Yukyung undertakes the key role of Lee Jin, who was invisible in her school days and attempts to go from an  ""Out Girl"" to an ""In Girl"". In this story of Lee Jin's self-growth, we see the importance of finding our true self.Karin as Goo Jihyeon, nicknamed Goojigooji, had an easygoing and cheerful personality but became gloomy and timid after being bullied by Yeeun.True Ending is being published via Youtube and Vlive.",7.1,824,10,"['Lee Yu Kyung', 'Karin', 'Choi Kyung Hoon', 'Kim Na Young', 'Park Bo Yeon', 'Kim Jong Yoon']",Not Yet Rated,vLive,Unknown,Unknown
1463,Goodbye Dear Wife,https://mydramalist.com/3934-goodbye-dear-wife,"Comedy,  Romance","Emotional Infidelity, First Love, Marriage ","Cha Seung Hyuk runs a famous sports center and has been married for 5 years. In his past, he was a famous fighter with good looks. Cha Seung-Hyuk then married a woman who was about to become a nun. Because of their marriage, Cha Seung Hyuk became even more popular as a romantist. Since then, he has partaken in lots of commercials and has become an ideal man for women. In real life though, Cha Seung Hyuk is sick of married life. He says goodbye to his wife, hoping to experience love again with his first love.",7.1,451,20,"['Hong Soo Hyun', 'Ryu Shi Won', 'Park Ji Yoon', 'Kim Min Soo', 'Julien Kang', 'Oh Joo Eun']",Not Yet Rated,Channel A,Kim Pyung Joong,Kim Do Hyun
1464,Full House Take 2,https://mydramalist.com/3147-full-house-take-2,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Martial Arts","Cohabitation, Pre-produced, Love Triangle ","Jang Man Ok (Man Ok means ""full house"" in Hanja) is a martial arts instructor at her grandfather's institute. Yet, Man Ok is interested in fashion and runs an internet shopping site without her grandfather knowing. Later, she poses as a stylist for the top idol group TAKE ONE and moves into the band's luxurious house, which superstar musician Lee Tae Ik inherited from his father.",7.1,7716,32,"['Noh Min Woo', 'Hwang Jung Eum', 'Park Ki Woong', 'Jung Ji Ah', 'Kim Do Yeon', 'Kim Byung Se']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS Plus,"Nam Ki Hoon,  Kim Jin Young",Park Young Sook
1465,Love in Black Hole,https://mydramalist.com/703041-love-in-black-hole,"Romance,  Youth,  Sci-Fi,  Fantasy","Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Childhood Friends' Relationship, Young Adult Female Lead, Young Adult Male Lead, Short Length Series, Honest Male Lead, Time Rift, Cold Male Lead ","Tells the story of a college student named Eun Ha, who one day receives an anonymous love letter through a supernatural portal - the white hole!(Source: Allkpop)",7.1,683,12,"['Lee Han Gyul', 'Seola', 'Lee Jae Yoon', 'Doha', 'Ki Hui Hyun', 'Moon Soo In']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Tencent Video,Hong Chung Gi,Unknown
1466,Choco Bank,https://mydramalist.com/16313-choco-bank,"Business,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Boss-Employee Relationship, Miniseries, Web Series, Love Triangle, Workplace Setting, Café Setting, Short Length Series, Inner Monologue, Tragic Past, Unrequited Love ","Kim Eun Haeng is a college graduate entering the workforce. His father made sure to give him a lucky start in life by bestowing him with a name that means money. Eun Haeng (meaning Bank in Korean), along with a young woman named Ha Cho Co who is getting ready to start a business, deal with concerns many in their 20s struggle with when they start working for the first time. The story plays out as the two meet and find out more about the financial service industry.",7.1,4942,6,"['Kai', 'Park Eun Bin', 'Yun  Joon Suk', 'Lee Il Hwa', 'Park Seo Yeon', 'Kim Young Hee']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Naver TV Cast,Jung Jung Hwa,Unknown
1467,Dalgona,https://mydramalist.com/66537-dalgona,"Youth,  Drama","Student Supporting Character, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Teenager Supporting Character, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, Short Length Series, Innocent Female Lead, Optimistic Female Lead ","""Dalgona"" will center around high school students who are searching for true friendship. Song Mi Na studies abroad after being bullied, and though she has a bright and optimistic personality, it's obvious the past still haunts her when she returns to South Korea.(Source: Allkpop)",7.1,807,4,"['Eunseo', 'Choi Jae Hyun', 'Lee Ju A', 'Park Si Young', 'Kim Na Young', 'Kim Ki Hae']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Naver TV Cast,Hwang  Gyung Sung,Unknown
1468,Riders,https://mydramalist.com/15846-riders-catch-tomorrow,"Business,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","Friends To Lovers, Friendship ","Cha Ki Joon is a well-educated young man who begins his career in an enviable entry-level job at a large corporation. But he is not happy with his life. On a whim, Ki Joon decides to quit his job and start up a new business with his two childhood friends, Yoon So Dam and Go Tae Ra. So Dam has been working lots of different part-time jobs while trying to make it as an illustrator. Tae Ra is a former cycling athlete who decides to go in with Ki Joon on his new business idea – because it’s a company that will make rickshaws, of all things. As the three friends deal with the real world, changing friendships and budding relationships, can their crazy business possibly succeed?",7.1,300,12,"['Kim Dong Wook', 'Choi Min', 'Yoon Jong Hoon', 'Lee Chung Ah', 'Choi Yeo Jin', 'Cho Byeong Kyu']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,E-Channel,Choi Do Hoon,Park Sang Hee
1469,Mary Stayed Out All Night,https://mydramalist.com/21-mary-stayed-out-all-night,"Music,  Comedy,  Romance","Love Square, Love Triangle, Singer Male Lead, Fake Relationship, Adapted From A Manhwa, Enemies To Lovers, Contract Relationship, Arranged Marriage, Adapted From A Webtoon, Friendship ","Wi Mae Ri is the cheerful, pragmatic daughter of a failed businessman who had grown used to being constantly on the move to escape from debtors. She becomes fast friends with the free-spirited indie singer, Kang Moo Kyul, when she nearly ran him over in a car. Meanwhile, her father, Wi Dae Han, is saved from his debtors by his old friend, Jung Suk, who had just returned from considerable success in the Japanese entertainment industry. Jung Suk, who had harboured a secret love for Mae Ri's mother, sets up a deal with Dae Han to have Mae Ri marry his son, Jung In. In a desperate attempt to escape this predicament, Mae Ri begs Moo Kyul to pose as her husband, and finds herself in even more trouble than before when her father proposes a 100-day period in which she has to divide her time equally between Moo Kyul and Jung In, after which she has to decide who to marry.",7.1,16487,16,"['Jang Geun Suk', 'Moon Geun Young', 'Kim Jae Wook', 'Kim Hyo Jin', 'Geum Ho Suk', 'Park Jun Gyu']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Kim Young Gyoon,  Hong Seok Goo","In Eun Ah,  Go Bong Hwang"
1470,After School,https://mydramalist.com/11962-after-school-lucky-or-not-2,"Comedy,  Youth,  Fantasy","Web Series, Student Female Lead, School Setting, Teenager Female Lead, Short Length Series, Slight Romance, High School, Friendship ","School's back in session, and everybody's favorite group of boys is back for a new semester of extracurricular antics. This season, the magical mentors reassemble with their newly elected leader, a bashful student who quickly discovers a new breed of cram school that's full of wondrous adventures and life lessons.(Source: MyDramaList)",7.1,1119,12,"['Kang Tae Oh', 'Song Joo Hee', 'Han Ji Seok', 'Yoo Il', 'Lee Tae Hwan', 'Gong Myung']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
1471,Invincible Lee Pyung Kang,https://mydramalist.com/273-invincible-lee-pyung-kang,"Comedy,  Romance",Unknown,"Lee Pyung Kang's father, unfortunately, met with an untimely death before completing his ambitious work as a golf course designer. Pyung Kang came to terms with the reality as she supported the family. Eight years later, Pyung Kang, who wanted to follow in her father's footsteps to become a golf course designer, does chores at a resort town where she meets Ohn Dal, the owner's eldest son. Ohn Dal's charismatic father, Pyung On, demands of him to pass the semi-pro qualification test in a month. When he fails to make it, Ohn Dal is told that he will be removed from the inheritance list due to his incompetence. To make matters worse, his father collapses from a sudden stroke and in the midst of misfortune, rumour circulates that Ohn Dal's stepmother and her son are going to take over the resort town. Being cornered, Ohn Dal has no other choice but to stand on his own feet, but for Ohn Dal, who lacks competence and determination, retaking the resort is beyond his capacity. Ohn Dal and Pyung Kang, who are on bad terms with each other from the first time they met, join hands. And Pyung Kang's journey to tame the spoiled heir finally begins! (Source: KBS WORLD)",7.1,1244,16,"['Ji Hyun Woo', 'Nam Sang Mi', 'Seo Do Young', 'Oh Wook Chul', 'Kim Seo Yoon', 'Yun Mi Joo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Lee Jung Sub,  Park Hyun Suk",Park Kye Ok
1472,Nobleman Ryu's Wedding,https://mydramalist.com/694515-ryu-sun-bi-s-wedding-ceremony,"Historical,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Gay Romance, Miniseries, Cross-Dressing, Joseon Dynasty, LGBTQ+, Hidden Identity, Unrequited Love, Runaway Bride, Brother-Sister Relationship, Arranged Marriage ","On a  warm spring day during the Joseon Dynasty, the wedding of Ryu Ho Seon and his beautiful bride, Hwa Jin, takes place. But come their wedding night, Ho Seon becomes suspicious of his beloved. And with good reason, for his bride is a man!And now Ho Seon finds himself face-to-face with the bride’s brother, Choi Ki Wan, who explains that Hwa Jin’s loathing of political marriages drove her to disappear before the ceremony even began. Needless to say, Ho Seon quickly tries to annul the marriage, but his ailing mother is opposed to such a move. The pair must now maintain their union, one that can never be revealed to a single soul! When  Kim Tae Hyeong, comes to congratulate his friend Ho Seon, he falls for Ki Wan and immediately commences to court him. Now both Ki Wan and Ho Seon find themselves in a difficult position. Caught between honouring his ailing mother’s wishes and the unending flood of love letters for Ki Wan, Ho Seon is only too aware that there is little time to waste.  To further complicate matters, Hwa Jin chooses to make her impromptu return at this time. The only way to soothe the pain in everyone’s hearts is to return everyone to their rightful places. But is this easier said than done?",7.1,9004,8,"['Kang In Soo', 'Han Se Jin', 'Jang Eui Soo', 'Kim Seung Wook', 'Jung Jae Eun', 'Cha Soo Jin']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1473,Hot and Sweet,https://mydramalist.com/21417-hot-and-sweet,"Food,  Comedy,  Romance","Eccentric Female Lead, Miniseries, Web Series, Rude Female Lead, Summer Setting, Beach Setting, Seaside Setting, Art ","The romantic-comedy tells the story between a pretty boy food truck owner who settles in a spot by the Gangwon beach, and the mysterious and wacky lady he meets.(Source: IMDb)",7.1,1332,8,"['Choi Min Hwan', 'Yuna', 'Lee Kang Jae', 'Lee Bit Na', 'Jung Yi Rang', 'Seo Hye Jin']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
1474,Duty After School,https://mydramalist.com/750297-duty-after-school-part-2,"Action,  Thriller,  Drama,  Sci-Fi","Teamwork, Military, Survival, Monsters, Supernatural Being, Gore, Outerworld Invasion, Multiple Mains, Supernatural Phenomena, Student Female Lead ","Story of 3rd year students of Sungjin High School who started a 'real war' to fight against the attack of a mysterious creature that covered the sky. Will they be able to save the planet from doom?(Source: MyDramaList)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Duty After School"" (방과 후 전쟁활동) by Ha Il Kwon (하일권)",7.1,6073,4,"['Choi Moon Hee', 'Kim Su Gyeom', 'Kim Min Chul', 'Ahn Do Kyu', 'Kwon Eun Bin', 'Yoon Jong Bin']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),TVING,Sung Yong Il,Lee Nam Gyu
1475,My Chilling Roommate,https://mydramalist.com/712567-chilly-cohabitation,"Horror,  Comedy,  Romance,  Supernatural","Short Length Series, Selfish Male Lead, Warm Female Lead, Righteous Male Lead, Bright Female Lead, Miniseries, Ghost-seeing Female Lead, Cohabitation, Suspense ","As a young child, Jung Se Ri made a shocking discovery – that ghosts are very real! The thing is, only she seems to be able to see them. Not only that she also has the ability to converse with spirits, and has learned. She knows how and why ghosts appear, and why they so often “haunt” the spots where they died. Her special talent has remained a tightly guarded secret and now she is an adult, she works part-time in a coffee shop. Until, that is, she encounters the most unusual ghost she has ever met!This ghost is named Song Ji Chan, and until he was suddenly killed in an accident, he was the arrogant heir to a highly successful and wealthy business group. The accident, he thinks, has robbed him of his memories and leaves him hanging around the scene, wondering what has happened. But when he comes across Jung Se Ri, she tells him that he is a ghost. She leaves him to get his head around what has happened, but he follows her home, insisting he has nowhere else to go. She reluctantly lets him stay at her house, and even starts to help him uncover the truth about what happened to him – even if it means she has to become involved in the business group’s operations! But could this ghoulish “roommate” also fall for the only woman who can see him?(Source: Viki)",7.1,245,10,"['Kim So Won', 'Jung Chan Woo', 'Lee Joong Moon', 'Song Young Sook']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Unknown,Hwang  Gyung Sung,Unknown
1476,Her Lovely Heels,https://mydramalist.com/8934-her-lovely-heels,"Romance,  Drama","Rich Male Lead, Boss-Employee Relationship, Female Chases Male First, Second Chance Romance, Awkward Female Lead, Naive Male Lead, Naive Female Lead, Adapted From A Manhwa, Love Triangle, Workplace Setting ","The story about secret office love affair between Shin Ji Hoo, a 24 year-old woman who’s afraid of love and Oh Tae Soo, a 28 year-old man who has lots of dating experience and is rather cynical about love, but slowly transforms as he meets Ji Hoo.(Source: Trakt.tv)",7.1,3169,10,"['Hong Jong Hyun', 'Han Seung Yeon', 'Jung Ga Eun', 'Yoon Jong Hoon', 'Park Jin Joo', 'Kim Ha Kyun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS Plus,"Ahn Gil Ho,  Min Yeon Hong",Unknown
1477,Unexpected Heroes,https://mydramalist.com/26585-unexpected-heroes,"Youth,  Fantasy,  Supernatural","Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, Detective Supporting Character, Superpower, Organ Transplantation, Miniseries, High School ",“Unexpected Heroes” is a fantasy web drama that tells the story of three high school students who receive super powers after their respective organ transplants and then use their powers to solve suspicious cases. It is being supported by the Center for Disease Control Organ Transplant Management Center to raise awareness for organ and human tissue donations.,7.1,1513,10,"['Choi Jong Hoon', 'Lee Min Hyuk', 'Kim So Hye', 'Park Ha Na', 'Lee Seung Hyung', 'Min Hyo Won']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
1478,Successful Story of a Bright Girl,https://mydramalist.com/746-successful-story-of-a-bright-girl,"Comedy,  Romance","Brave Female Lead, Nice Female Lead, Arrogant Male Lead, Poor Female Lead, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Rich Male Lead, Revenge, Older Man/Younger Woman, Hit And Run, Blackmail ","Cha Yang Soon is a cute and innocent country girl who often daydreams of rescuing her prince. One day, she meets Han Ki Tae, who accidentally falls into her bathtub while she was taking her bath. Not off to a good start as they started arguing over the matter. However, the story goes on to tell how Cha Yang Soon arrives in the big city due to her plan to settle her irresponsible parents' debts. She moves into Han Ki Tae's house as a hired servant hence begins to teach the rich spoiled brat some manners through her down to earth scoldings and no-nonsense attitude. Han Ki Tae is a rich and proud man who inherits his father's business, Snowy Cosmetics, but he is later betrayed by his own cousin and uncle leading to his downfall. On the other hand, Cha Yang Soon is the girl that he meets and who helps him pick up the pieces in his life, from defeat to success. This drama gets totally hilarious in many scenes where their combination comes out as refreshingly cute. A very well written drama with a story many will enjoy!",7.1,1220,16,"['Jang Hyuk', 'Jang Na Ra', 'Ryu Soo Young', 'Han Da Gam', 'Choo Ja Hyun', 'Kwon Hae Hyo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Lee Min Chul,  Jang Ki Hong",Lee Hee Myung
1479,To All The Guys Who Loved Me,https://mydramalist.com/57159-the-guy-is-that-guy,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Fantasy","Love Triangle, Reincarnated Lovers, Eccentric Female Lead, Successful Male Lead, Heartbreak, Fate, Cohabitation, Friendship, Career Oriented Female Lead, Rich Male Lead ","Seo Hyun Joo is a competent career woman who leads a webtoon planning team. Despite success in her career, she has found little in her love life after experiencing repeated heartbreaks.  Now  she’s given up on love and marriage completely.  Just when she’s done looking for the right person, two men suddenly walk into her life. Hwang Ji Woo is the CEO of a pharmaceutical company, who’s known for his brilliant mind which propelled him to succeed at an early age. While his handsome looks captured many women’s hearts, he only shows interest in Hyun Joo. Park Do Gyum is a webtoon artist who’s been friends with Hyun Joo  since they were young. Who will be the one to win her over?(Source: Viki)",7.1,3027,32,"['Hwang Jung Eum', 'Yoon Hyun Min', 'Seo Ji Hoon', 'Jo Woo Ri', 'Choi Myung Gil', 'Seo Hyun Chul']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Choi Yoon Seok,Lee Eun Young
1480,Midas,https://mydramalist.com/12-midas,"Thriller,  Business,  Romance,  Drama","Heiress Female Lead, Love Triangle, Suspense ","A business drama about mergers and acquisitions between companies. When Kim Do Hyun passes the bar exam at the top of his class, he's offered a dream job as a top aide to Yoo In Hye, the daughter of one of the richest and most powerful men in South Korea. As he becomes more ambitious, Do Hyun is about to find out just how cutthroat In Hye's world is and also just how much he's about to lose, including his long-time girlfriend, Lee Jung Yeon.(Source: SBS.co.kr)",7.1,1796,21,"['Jang Hyuk', 'Lee Min Jung', 'Noh Min Woo', 'Kim Hee Ae', 'Shin Seung Hwan', 'Ricky Kim']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Kang Shin Hyo,  Lee Chang Min",Choi Wan Kyu
1481,"I Summon You, Gold!",https://mydramalist.com/6613-i-summon-you-gold,"Business,  Romance,  Family",Unknown,"Although Jung Mong Hee's dream is to become a jewelry designer, she makes a living by peddling cheap fake accessories in the street. She endures the muggy weather out on the street to help pay for her siblings' tuition. As the eldest in her family, she feels responsible for helping with the family finances. Then one day, Mong Hee is offered a tantalizing proposal that could change her life. She decides to seize a surprising opportunity, considering it as a process that will bring her closer to reaching her goals.(Source: MBC)",7.1,907,50,"['Han Ji Hye', 'Yeon Jung Hoon', 'Baek Jin Hee', 'Park Seo Joon', 'Kim Hyung Jun', 'Lee Tae Sung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Lee Hyung Sun,  Yoon Ji Hoon,  Choi Eun Gyung",Ha Chung Ok
1482,Lovers in Prague,https://mydramalist.com/1015-lovers-in-prague,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama",Filmed Abroad ,"Jae Hee, a diplomat in Prague, who is getting over a break-up, meets police detective Sang Hyun and romance blossoms. Jae Hee is the daughter of the Korean President and has to maintain a low profile. Jae Hee's ex, Young Woo and Sang Hyun's ex, Hye Joo make things complicated with secrets surrounding them. With the differences in social status, Jae Hee and Sang Hyun have to fight to see if the love that started in Prague can be overcome from what is trying to keep them apart.",7.1,476,18,"['Jeon Do Yeon', 'Kim  Joo Hyuk', 'Kim Min Joon', 'Jang Geun Suk', 'Lee Jung Gil', 'Yoon Se Ah']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Shin Woo Cheol,  Kim Hyung Shik",Kim Eun Sook
1483,Love in Spring,https://mydramalist.com/714983-love-in-spring,"Historical,  Drama","Hidden Identity, Cross-Dressing, Arranged Marriage, Bromance, Friendship, Gay Supporting Character, Flashback To Past, LGBTQ+, Adapted From A Webtoon, Lying ","Jin Geum Seong is a poor nobleman who lives with his mother and making ends meet is challenging. While gathering wood on the mountain, he spies a woman swimming nearby. Believing she is about to take her life, he creates a disturbance allowing him to save Choi Hye Seong, the third daughter of Choi Jin Sa. Only things are not as they seem when she turns out to be a man named 'Salbyul,' Love will bloom between Hye Seong and Geum Seong, much like a flower on a warm spring day. (Source: BLupdate2020 Instagram)~~ Adapted from the webtoon of the same title by Noh Myung Hee (노명희).",7.1,1040,16,"['Yoo Young Jae', 'Kim Song', 'Woo Tae Ha', 'Kim Seong Hee', 'Lee Do Ha', 'Jung Seung Hye']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Unknown,Lee Chang Han,Unknown
1484,Falling for Do Jeon,https://mydramalist.com/15718-falling-for-do-jeon,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","School Club, Miniseries, Web Series, Costume, Shy Male Lead, Grandpa-Granddaughter Relationship, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, Nice Female Lead, Love At First Sight ",Na Do Jeon is a timid but bright boy who works part-time as a Pierrot clown because he genuinely loves making people laugh. Ban Hana is a girl dreaming of starting her own food truck. The two incidentally run into each other start a relationship. This is the story of their singlehanded fight to prevent the closure of the ‘One Plus’ hobby club where they fell in love.(Source: MyDramaList),7.1,3956,6,"['Kim So Eun', 'Xiumin', 'Jang Yoo Sang', 'Jang Hee Ryung', 'Park In Hwan', 'Hong Je Yi']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Lim Suk Jin,Unknown
1485,Hooray for Love,https://mydramalist.com/2698-hooray-for-love,"Comedy,  Romance,  Melodrama","Rich Man/Poor Woman, Love Triangle, Ex-spouse Relationship, Nice Ex-husband, Controlling Parent, Goofy Male Lead, Second Chance Romance, Soap Opera, Family Relationship, Infidelity ","Kang Jae Mi led a happy life with her parents, but by the time she was 19-years-old her father had an affair, and her parents soon divorced. Jae Mi promised her mother that she would never see her father again. Later, Jae Mi fell in love with Han Jung Soo and married. 3 years later, Jae Mi tries her best to make a happy family. She runs a restaurant with her husband and for all intents and purposes is happy. Jae Mi also believes her husband is happy. Due to her parents' divorce, Jae Mi is also firmly resolved that she will never divorce, but, it turns out, Jung Soo is having an affair with another woman. Furthermore, his mistress becomes pregnant and Jung Soo wants a divorce. On their 3rd anniversary, Jung Soo gifts airplane tickets for Guam to Jae Mi, her mother and aunt.Byun Dong Woo is a lawyer who is supported by his mother. He has always been influenced by his mother and sister. Dong Woo always thought he wanted to be single for the rest of his life. Through a twist of fate, his sister's husband is also Jae Mi's father Kang Hyung Do, which is unknown to all parties. To make his mom feel better Dong Woo bought airplane tickets for Guam.Both families head for Guam on vacation, unaware of the fated unions that are bound to occur. Meanwhile, while Jae Mi is away in Guam, her husband Jung-Soo carries out his plan to illegally file for divorce. (Source: AsianWiki)",7.1,434,57,"['Lee Tae Sung', 'Jin Yi Han', 'Lee Bo Young', 'Bae Jong Ok', 'Ahn Sang Tae', 'Hong Hyun Taek']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Joo Sung Woo,Park Hyun Joo
1486,Individual Circumstances,https://mydramalist.com/740123-individual-circumstances,"Romance,  Drama","Gay Romance, Writer Male Lead, Meet Again, First Love Returns, Ghosting, Gay Male Lead, Cold Male Lead, Flashback To Past, LGBTQ+, Director Male Lead ","Ha Yeon Woo was once the toast of Chungmuro – Seoul, South Korea’s answer to America’s Hollywood. As a maverick young movie director, his debut film was a massive hit for both filmgoers and critics alike. But after this auspicious start, he fell into a lengthy slump. He is now listless and unsure if he is really cut out to be a top movie director after all.One day, he meets Sung Woo Jae, a famous fiction writer who he once knew – but has not spoken to for some time. Sung Woo Jae also has demons, however. His first love ended in sadness, and he took solace in his writing, eventually going on to become a prolific web-based novel author. Their meeting ignites a passionate romance that burns as bright as the flames of war. Will this relationship heal Sung Woo Jae’s wounds – and lift Ha Yeon Woo out of his slump?(Source: Viki)",7.1,5035,8,"['Jun.Q', 'Han Jung Wan', 'Cha Shi Hyuk']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Kim Jin Yeol,Kim Hwa Joon
1487,Great Inheritance,https://mydramalist.com/585-great-inheritance,"Romance,  Life",Gangster Male Lead ,"Kang Hyun Se (Kim Jae Won) grew up without knowing his father. Due to the lack of fatherly love, he was recruited by a gang and became a third rate mobster. After his mother's death, he inherits a kindergarten, but he must go through a hundred days of training in order to get it, so he becomes an assistant teacher under a kindergarten teacher, Yoo Mi Rae (Han Ji Min), and they develop romantic feelings for one another. However, the kindergarten property sits in the middle of a proposed amusement park development, called ""Rainbow Park"". Hyun Se's boss (Son Byung Ho) needs the money from the construction company so he is manipulating Hyun Se's hatred towards his father and threatens Hyun Se's father with the kindergarten Hyun Se has. Little does Hyun Se know that Choi Shi Wan (one of the managers who work for Hyun Se's father), who is the ex-boyfriend of Yoo Mi Rae, struck a dirty deal with Hyun Se's boss and is trying to outscore everyone.Produced by the same production team as My Girl and Delightful Girl Choon Hyang.",7.1,733,17,"['Kim Jae Won', 'Han Ji Min', 'Byun Hee Bong', 'Lee Mi Sook', 'Yoo Yeon Mi', 'Jin  Ji Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Kim Pyung Joong,Kim Tae Hee
1488,Blow Breeze,https://mydramalist.com/19088-blow-breeze,"Law,  Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Childhood Friends' Relationship, Secondary Couple, Grandpa-Grandson Relationship, Fake Identity, Evil Daughter-in-Law, Selfish Mother, Fake Daughter, Family Reunion, Family Dispute, Smart Female Lead ","A wealthy, elderly man who was born in North Korea and amassed a $100 million fortune in South Korea knows that his time is short. One day, he coincidentally learns that he had a son that he did not know of. The elderly man desperately tries to track down his son but learns that he died. However, the elderly man soon discovers that his son has a daughter who was also defected from North Korea and is currently living in South Korea. Now, the elderly man is seeking to find her whereabouts so that she can inherit his fortune. The story revolves around the long-lost family members and a South Korean man with a North Korean woman who is able to find love by overcoming their differences.(Source: MBC)",7.1,432,53,"['Son Ho Jun', 'Im Ji Yeon', 'Han Joo Wan', 'Oh Ji Eun', 'Im Soo Hyang', 'Hwang Bo Ra']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Yoon Jae Moon,Kim Sa Kyung
1489,The 1km Distance Between Us,https://mydramalist.com/16175-the-1km-distance-between-us,"Comedy,  Romance","Innocent Male Lead, Mobile App, Web Series, Nice Male Lead, Awkward Male Lead, Fluffy, Short Length Series, Slow Burn Romance, Naive Female Lead, Adult Romance ",A romantic comedy drama about an application which introduces men and women within 1 km of each other.,7.1,217,12,"['Kim Dong Hyun', 'Hong Soo Ah', 'Kim Kwang Sub', 'Han Soo Ah']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
1490,Dr. Ian,https://mydramalist.com/13107-dr.-ian,Romance,"Psychiatry, Break Up, Web Series, Psychiatrist Male Lead, Doctor Male Lead, Psychology, Doctor-Patient Relationship, Healing, Short Length Series, Height Difference ","The memories of pain and love shape our reality and personality, hence they can be  used to find healing in counseling. This is the story of psychiatrist Mo Ian, who specializes in hypnosis treatments. He meets an eccentric, 4-D office girl, Lee So Dam, and through the process of treating and counselling her, he finds a way to heal his own wounds.",7.1,1646,9,"['Kim Young Kwang', 'Sandara Park', 'Jung Ji Yoon', 'Choi Dae Sung', 'Kim Ho Chang', 'Lito']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
1491,Don't Hesitate,https://mydramalist.com/1119-dont-hesitate,"Romance,  Drama","Organ Transplantation, Soap Opera, Revenge, Nice Male Lead ","This drama tells the story of a woman who devoted her life to love and a man who had never known nor believed in love. Jang Soo Hyun was a woman who previously believed in sacrificing herself for love, even donating her liver to save her first love, Choi Min Young, but was rewarded by betrayal when her best friend, Oh Sun Ah, seduced Min Young. Since then, she had become jaded and resolved to distance herself from relationships, until she met Han Tae Woo, a man who had built a wall around his heart in fear of being hurt again. She becomes someone whom he learns to sacrifice everything for.(Source: DramaWiki)",7.1,648,98,"['Lee Sang Woo', 'Lee Tae Im', 'Kim Young Jae', 'Kim Hee Joon', 'Hong Yeo Jin', 'Bae Min Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Unknown,Unknown
1492,Night Light,https://mydramalist.com/20294-night-light,"Business,  Drama,  Political","Cold Female Lead, Strong Female Lead, Sismance, Friendship ","This drama depicts the intense and fierce fight among three greedy individuals, in order to become the owner of most splendid light sources for the city that never sleeps: money and power. Seo Yi Kyung is a ruthless and sharp businesswoman, who is willing to do anything for her ambitions. Park Gun Woo is an heir to a big company who got betrayed by his love, Yi Kyung, 12 years ago. Lee Se Jin is a hired persona who gets attracted to Yi Kyung's aura and wants to be like her.",7.1,1148,20,"['Lee Yo Won', 'Jin Goo', 'Uee', 'Jung Hae In', 'Jeon Gook Hwan', 'Jung Han Yong']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Unknown,Han Ji Hoon
1493,Stained Glass,https://mydramalist.com/1197-stained-glass,"Romance,  Drama","Winter Setting, Heir Male Lead, Adopted Male Lead, Orphan Male Lead, Tearjerker, Love Triangle ","During their childhood, Dong Joo and Gi Tae are both abandoned by their real parents. In the orphanage, they grow up like brothers and become best friends. Ji Soo transfers to the school where Dong Joo and Gi Tae attends. At the same time, they both fall in love with her. While trying to get Ji Soo's ocarina, Dong Joo is caught in the river and is presumed drowned. A Japanese couple adopted him after he was rescued in the river and he became a heir to their corporate throne. Meanwhile Gi Tae takes Dong Joo's place in Ji Soo's affections and they later become a couple. Twelve years later, Dong Joo, as a Japanese gentleman, returns to Korea and his feelings for Ji Soo begin to develop and his friendship with Gi Tae begin to unravel.(Source: DramaWiki)",7.1,297,18,"['Kim Sung Soo', 'Kim Ha Neul', 'Lee Dong Gun', 'Kim Se Ah', 'Noh Joo Hyun', 'Jo Yi Jin']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Lee Chang Soon,Unknown
1494,Powerful Opponents,https://mydramalist.com/1171-powerful-opponents,"Action,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Bodyguard Female Lead, Loud Female Lead, Bratty Male Lead, Competitive Female Lead, Friends To Enemies, Single Father, Spoiled Male Lead, Poor Female Lead, Debt, Trauma ","Cha Young Jin is the first female to ever work as a bodyguard in the Presidential resident, Chungwadae. Young Jin and Yoo Gwang Pil work as bodyguards assigned to watch over the president's son, Kang Soo Ho. They are assigned to guard Soo Ho for 15 months.(DW)",7.1,781,16,"['Chae Rim', 'Lee Jin Wook', 'Lee Jong Hyuk', 'Shin Eun Jung', 'Lee Kyung Jin', 'Im Hyun Shik']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,KBS2,Han Joon Seo,Kang Eun Kyung
1495,Play Guide,https://mydramalist.com/6062-play-guide,"Comedy,  Romance","Short Length Series, Miniseries ","This romantic Comedy drama will give dating advice and tips to people who have difficulties in relationships or are still single.Park Min Woo plays a hapless young man who’s failed at a thousand love confessions. He turns to Son Dam Bi, the CEO of a ‘love agent company’ doling out dating advice, who purports to have a 100% success rate implementing her own strategies.",7.1,182,5,"['Son Dam Bi', 'Park Min Woo', 'Yoon Tae Woong', 'Park Jae Min', 'Oh Seung Ah', 'Oh Cho Hee']",Not Yet Rated,tvN,Unknown,Unknown
1496,"My Love, Madame Butterfly",https://mydramalist.com/4817-my-love-madame-butterfly,"Romance,  Drama,  Family","Cohabitation, Multiple Couples, Riches To Rags ","Once a famous top star but due to happenings and incidents, Nam Na-bi has more anti-fan cafes and now lives with the in-law's.",7.1,268,51,"['Yeom Jung Ah', 'Park Yong Woo', 'Kim Sung Soo', 'Yoon Se Ah', 'Kim Young Ae', 'Jung Hye Sun']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Lee Chang Min,Moon Eun Ah
1497,Love in Time,https://mydramalist.com/28693-love-in-time,"Romance,  Sci-Fi","Miniseries, Web Series, Time Travel, Time Loop, Time Altering ","Is it possible to go back in time and change the course of history?Noh Jin Woo is a “brain hacker” who has the ability to get inside people’s heads and tap into their innermost thoughts. He is dating top actress Yoo Ha Ri.When tragedy strikes and Ha Ri is murdered, Jin Woo is devastated. Using his special skills, Jin Woo decides to travel back in time and save Ha Ri. But every time he tries, a new accident occurs and Jin Woo is unable to reverse the tragedy.Can Jin Woo keep Ha Ri from being killed?(Source: Viki)",7.1,294,6,"['Oh Ha Young', 'Go Yoon', 'Son Seung Guk', 'Hwang So Hee', 'Jung Eun Hye', 'Kim Tae Min']",G - All Ages,Naver TV Cast,Hwang  Gyung Sung,Unknown
1498,Loss,https://mydramalist.com/14970-losstimelife,"Comedy,  Life,  Supernatural","MDL Remake, Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series, Idol Actor ","An omnibus drama that tells the story of people who earn ‘lost time’ just before dying. The characters tackle the difficult question, “If there is something you could do right before you die, what would you do?”",7.1,232,9,"['Hyun Seung Hee', 'Lee Il Hwa', 'Cha Sun Woo', 'Woo Sang Jun', 'Jung Won Joong', 'Sandeul']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Hong Jong Chan,Unknown
1499,Women at a Game Company,https://mydramalist.com/18479-women-at-a-game-company,"Business,  Drama","Short Length Series, Web Series, Adapted From A Webtoon ",A drama based on a webtoon which depicts and builds a connection through the story of young women who work at a mobile game company. (Source: thetvdb),7.1,605,11,"['Lee Min Ji', 'Irene', 'Lee Ji Yeon', 'Jang Dong Yoon', 'Lee Joo Young', 'Jung Seung Kil']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Lee Rang,Hwang Gook Young
1500,Best Wedding,https://mydramalist.com/10621-best-wedding,"Comedy,  Romance,  Family,  Melodrama","Single Mother Female Lead, Older Woman/Younger Man, Pregnancy, Adapted From A Novel, Drama ","Cha Ki Young was once a successful news anchor living the good life, but everything changed when she defied expectations and became a single mother. Jo Eun Cha was also once a news anchor, but left his career to campaign unsuccessfully for office. Though nothing quite pans out as expected for either Ki Young or Eun Cha, they've yet to discover what fate has in store for them. Meanwhile, four other couples grapple with whether or not they can really have it all in modern romance.",7.1,3032,16,"['Park Shi Yeon', 'Bae Soo Bin', 'Noh Min Woo', 'Uhm Hyun Kyung', 'Jung Ae Yun', 'Song Young Kyu']",Not Yet Rated,TV Chosun,Oh Jong Rok,Go Yoon Hee
1501,The Miracle,https://mydramalist.com/21759-the-miracle,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Supernatural","Body Swap, Entertainment Industry, Web Series, Musician Female Lead, Singer Female Lead, Idol Female Lead, Short Length Series, Sisters' Relationship, Identity Swap, Sismance ","How could twin sisters be such polar opposites? Kwon Shi Ah is the beautiful sister, gorgeous in every way and a member of the popular girl group known as Miracle Girls. Since she was in preschool, Shia has worked as a model and then a teen actress before becoming an idol. Her fraternal twin sister, Shi Yeon, is almost double the body size of Shi Ah and has always been ridiculed and bullied in school for her large frame. Because of this, Shi Yeon has become a recluse, who prefers staying home and producing an Internet broadcast within the safety of her room. The only time Shi Yeon ventures out is to visit a mysterious tarot card reader who gives Shi Yeon a magical tarot card every day. But the twin sisters’ lives are turned upside down when they wake up one day and realize that their souls have switched bodies! What will an idol musician and Shi Yeon’s high school crush think of the women they thought they knew?(Source: Viki)",7.1,7099,12,"['Hong Yoon Hwa', 'Kim Na Hyun', 'Kim Dong Hyun', 'Yang Hak Jin', 'Kim Ji Sung', 'New Sun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
1502,Can We Get Married?,https://mydramalist.com/5533-can-we-get-married,"Romance,  Life,  Drama","Family Pressure, Bickering Mains' Relationship, Steamy Kiss, Mother-Daughter Relationship, Sexual Content, Multiple Couples, Love/Hate Relationship, Unrequited Love, Love Triangle, Bromance ","Hye Yoon is very realistic and wants to marry Jung Hoon who sincerely loves her. She wants to live an ordinary life. But she faces various difficulties as she prepares for the wedding. Once Hye Yoon's mom Deul Ja and Jung Hoon's mom Eun Kyung get involved, it turns into a family conflict. The relationship between Hye Yoon and Jung Hoon slowly falls apart, and the conflict between the families becomes irreversible. Will Hye Yoon be able to successfully march into her wedding with Jung Hoon? Nurse Hye Jin gets pregnant as she has an affair with a married doctor Do Hyun, and eventually marries him. She thought she would be happy after getting married, but her husband cheats on her like he did with her. Hye Jin ultimately decides to end her marriage, the Cinderella life and pursues divorce procedures... Can we also get married like everyone else?(Source: jTBC)",7.0,3123,20,"['Jung So Min', 'Sung Joon', 'Han Groo', 'Kim Young Kwang', 'Choi Hwa Jung', 'Jung Ae Yun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,Kim Yoon Cheol,Ha Myung Hee
1503,Hometown Legends,https://mydramalist.com/1828-hometown-legends,"Historical,  Mystery,  Horror,  Supernatural","Anthology, Episodic Format, Graphic Violence, Hungry Ghost, Serial Killings, Sick Daughter, Spirit Possession, Underworld, Nine-tailed Fox, Aggressive Female Lead ",Hometown Legends (2008) is a series of 8 one-act dramas. It is the continuation of a classic series of ghost stories which aired first on KBS between 1977 and 1989 and later between 1996 and 1999. This marks the return of the series after nine years.,7.1,252,8,"['Park Min Young', 'Kim So Hyun', 'Choi Soo Jong', 'Ahn Jae Mo', 'Kim Young Jae', 'Jae Hee']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,"Lee Jung Sub,  Kwak Jung Hwan,  Kim Yong Soo,  Kim Jung Min,  Lee Min Hong,  Kim Jung Min",Kim Jung Ae
1504,Spark,https://mydramalist.com/19620-spark,"Music,  Romance,  Drama,  Supernatural","Web Series, Boss-Employee Relationship, Poor Female Lead, Comet, Short Length Series, Hospital Setting ","'Spark' is a mini music drama like a night concert in the summertime, centering on a man who leaks a great deal of electricity after a sudden accident and a woman he can't get away from no matter how hard he tries.",7.1,2443,12,"['Na In Woo', 'Nam Bo Ra', 'Yeo One', 'Park Jin Joo', 'Kwon Eun Soo', 'Joo Ah Reum']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Moon Man Se
1505,I Am Legend,https://mydramalist.com/290-i-am-legend,"Music,  Law,  Romance","Divorced Female Lead, Extramarital Affair, Unhappy Marriage, Band, Infidelity, Strong Female Lead ","Jun Seol Hee recently divorced after realizing that she deserved to be treated better by her high-flying lawyer husband, Cha Ji Wook, and his arrogant family. Determined to get her life back on track, she returns to her rock band roots, becoming the leader of the Comeback Madonna Band. Her bandmates are fellow 'ahjummas' who have personal problems of their own, and together they search for happiness and personal fulfillment through music.",7.1,1089,16,"['Lee Joon Hyuk', 'Kim Seung Soo', 'Kim Jung Eun', 'Jang  Hang Sun', 'Kim So Yi', 'Baek Seung Hyun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Kim Hyung Shik,Unknown
1506,Temptation,https://mydramalist.com/10222-temptation,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Rich Woman/Poor Man, Conceited Male Lead, Hypocrisy, Stubborn Female Lead, Female Infertility, Hardworking Male Lead, Lovers Separated, Power Struggle, Heartbreak, Vengeful Female Lead ","A melodrama about a married man who receives a huge sum of money from a woman to repay the huge debt he owes. Complications arise when the woman demands total submission from him, which jeopardizes his relationship with his wife.(Source: DramaWiki)",7.1,1460,20,"['Choi Ji Woo', 'Kwon Sang Woo', 'Park Ha Sun', 'Lee Jung Jin', 'Chae So Young', 'Ahn Se Ha']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Park Young Soo,"Han Ji Hoon,  Park Jin Woo"
1507,Welcome to Wedding Hell,https://mydramalist.com/716277-marriage-white-paper,"Romance,  Life,  Drama","Marriage, Wedding, Family, Best Friends' Relationship, Age Gap [Real Life], Bright Female Lead, Steamy Kiss, Web Series, Sismance, Bromance ","A relatable tale about a couple in their 30s preparing for marriage. Expecting a fairy tale ending, the reality proves to be somewhat different. From the meeting of their families to finding a house, planning for their big day has the couple facing some realistic issues. (Source: Soompi || Edited by MyDramaList)",7.1,1979,12,"['Lee Yun Hee', 'Lee Jin Wook', 'Hwang Seung Eon', 'Song Jin Woo', 'Kim Joo Yeon', 'Kim  Mi Kyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Daum Kakao TV,  Netflix","Seo Joo Wan,  Song Je Young",Choi I Rang
1508,Haeundae Lovers,https://mydramalist.com/4633-haeundae-lovers,"Comedy,  Romance","Amnesia, Mafia, Cohabitation, Prosecutor Male Lead, Undercover Operation, Hidden Identity, Riches To Rags, Gang, Birth Secret, Rags To Riches ","Haeundae Lovers is about a prosecutor who goes undercover to infiltrate a crime family in Haeundae, Busan, then gets into an accident and loses his memory. Thinking he's a gangster, he falls in love with the mob boss's daughter.",7.1,2291,16,"['Kim Kang Woo', 'Cho Yeo Jung', 'Jung Suk Won', 'Park Sang Myun', 'Kim Tae Hyun', 'Park So Yeon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Song Hyun Wook,  Park Jin Suk",Hwang Eun Kyung
1509,Dramaworld,https://mydramalist.com/16797-dramaworld,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Supernatural","Crossworlds Traveler, Parody, Nice Male Lead, Eccentric Female Lead, Interracial Relationship, Foreigner Female Lead, Foreigner Male Lead, Fictional World, Language Barrier, Arson ","Claire Duncan is a 20-year-old college student obsessed with Korean Drama. She's constantly glued to the screen watching her favorite actor, Joon Park, in 'Taste of Love.' Disappointed that her own life isn't nearly as exciting as those within the world of K-drama, Claire desperately wishes that she too could live in a world of 'Taste of Love.' Thanks to a touch of magic, Claire finds her world turned upside-down when she is sucked through her smartphone into the world of 'Taste of Love' and comes face to face with Joon Park himself.Claire also meets Seth Ko, a waiter who has also magically transported into the world of dramas years ago. With his help, Claire learns to navigate this new place. But her presence begins to throw 'Taste of Love' off-balance, causing other dramas to splice into the series. As things spiral further out of control, Claire realizes she can no longer just watch the drama unfold. She's now part of it, and it's her job to set things right before everything falls apart completely.(Source: Wikipedia; Viki)",7.0,5750,10,"['Sean Richard', 'Liv Hewson', 'Bae Noo Ri', 'Justin Chon', 'Sa Hee', 'Woo Do Hwan']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Viki,Unknown,Unknown
1510,Glass Mask,https://mydramalist.com/5187-glass-mask,"Psychological,  Drama,  Melodrama","Selfless Female Lead, Hatred, Repentance, Liar Female Lead, Greed, Transformation, Misunderstanding, Lying, Revenge, Rich Male Lead ","The series follows Kang Yi Kyung, a woman whose father is a murderer. She must deal with tough times and also plot her revenge. To fulfill her revenge, she assumes another woman identity and comeback as Seo Jung Ha.(Source: Wikipedia)",7.1,466,122,"['Seo Woo', 'Park Jin Woo', 'Lee Ji Hoon', 'Kim Yun Seo', 'Ahn Eun Jung', 'Jung Da Bin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Seong Do Joon,Unknown
1511,Magic School,https://mydramalist.com/23103-magic-school,"Youth,  Drama","Student Male Lead, School Setting, Magician Male Lead ","Lee Na Ra has been single his whole life and his goal is to live a normal life, Jay is a genius magician, Jun is a medical resident who was adopted to a family in America, and Lee Seong is the youngest doctor in astrophysics. These four men are as different as four people can be and go to magic school for different reasons. One of them wants to tell a girl about his feelings for her, one is chasing after his brother’s dream, one just wants to help people, and one is there to deny the things he can’t understand.These young men are lost in this era, where discussing dreams has become a luxury. They experience things that were least expected and face magical moments hidden in their daily lives.(Source: JTBC)",7.1,697,16,"['Park Jin Young', 'Nichkhun', 'Yoon Park', 'Yang Byeong Yeol', 'Ryu Seung Soo', 'Shin Eun Soo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"jTBC,  Naver TV Cast",Kim Do Won,Kim Do Hyun
1512,"Please Remember, Princess",https://mydramalist.com/8350-please-remember-princess,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth","Web Series, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Short Length Series, University ","In the romantic comedy 'Please Remember, Princess,' Sungyeol plays the character Gi Yeok, an engineering major who devotes all of his love in order to win over his ideal type Min Ah. Jihyun plays Min Ah, who is a dance major and in the drama club.  The drama will be based on the sensational story 'The Love Story of an Engineering Student.'",7.1,1191,12,"['Lee Sung Yeol', 'Nam Ji Hyun', 'Clara Lee', 'Jin Won']",Not Yet Rated,CGV,Unknown,Unknown
1513,Our Gap Soon,https://mydramalist.com/19150-our-gab-soon,"Comedy,  Romance,  Family",Unknown,"Heo Gap Dol is an unemployed college graduate who has been trying to pass the civil service exam for years. His longtime girlfriend Shin Gap Soon supports him by doing several part-time jobs in the hope of him finally passing the exam and proposing to her.This drama depicts positively about various kind of marriage forms between the characters: a normal marriage, divorced couple, remarried couple, common-law marriage, and cohabitation couple.",7.1,1173,61,"['Song Jae Rim', 'Kim So Eun', 'Yoo  Sun', 'Kim Gyu Ri', 'Lee Byung Joon', 'Lee Wan']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Boo Sung Chul,Moon Young Nam
1514,The Family Is Coming,https://mydramalist.com/11694-the-family-is-coming,"Comedy,  Romance,  Family",Unknown,"A grandma has abandoned her family 50 years ago and suddenly returns one day to distribute a 10-billion-won inheritance to her children and grandchildren. The family members compete over who gets the inheritance, leading to comic hijinks and eventually growth and maturity for all involved.~~ Adapted from the novel “Grandma Is Back”.",7.1,523,20,"['Jin Yi Han', 'Lee Jung Hyun', 'Oh  Sang Jin', 'Park Won Sook', 'Cha Hak Yeon', 'Park So Jin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Joo Dong Min,Kim Shin Hye
1515,Peng,https://mydramalist.com/705385-fang,"Comedy,  Romance","Multiple Mains, Roommates' Relationship, Best Friends' Relationship, Company President (CEO) Male Lead, Short Length Series, Fashion Industry, Ex-Boyfriend Comes Back, Modeling, Stalking, Reverse-Harem ","Saying goodbye to her twenties, thirty-year-old Go Sa Ri welcomes this new decade of her life with open arms. Leaving behind the tangled mess of her twenties, Sa Ri is ready to make a fresh start. But walking away from the past is proving more difficult than she ever imagined. Having recently broken up with her boyfriend, Sa Ri was hopeful she had left that part of her life in the past. But when he makes an unexpected return, things get complicated. As if dealing with her ex wasn’t confusing enough, Sa Ri begins to realize that one of her oldest friends, Pi Jung Won, has started to develop feelings for her. As she attempts to sort out her own feelings for the talented artist, Sa Ri finds herself frequently crossing paths with Ki Sun Jae, the handsome and friendly CEO of the company where she works. Though it’s not always easy to tell what Sun Jae is thinking, there are times when a single look from him is enough to make her confused heart flutter. To make matters worse, Sa Ri finds that she has inadvertently captured the attention of Yeon Ha Rim. Despite the fact that he’s several years younger than her, he has no qualms about expressing his feelings.Inadvertently drawing the attention of four different men, Sa Ri finds herself completely unsure of what to do next. How can she find a way to move forward when every path seems blocked by a complicated mess of feelings?(Source: Viki)",7.1,1596,10,"['Yoon So Hee', 'Choi Won Myung', 'Joo Woo Jae', 'Lee Seung Il', 'Kim Hyun Jin', 'Bang Eun Jung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Baek Min Hee,Han Soo Ji
1516,Strongest Chil Woo,https://mydramalist.com/501-strongest-chil-woo,"Action,  Historical,  Romance","Swordsman Male Lead, Historical Fiction, Strong Male Lead, Sword-fight, Death, Revenge, Murder, Joseon Dynasty ","Kang Chil Woo was a lowly police officer during the Joseon era. His parents were killed in a raid and his main goal was to stay below the radar to survive. However, when his sister was killed, his outlook on life was forever changed, and in seeking revenge, he turned into an assassin and began to mete out justice to criminals.",7.1,511,20,"['Gu Hye Seon', 'Eric Mun', 'Yoo Ah In', 'Lee Eon', 'Kim Young Ok', 'Song  Ha Yoon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Park Man Young,Baek Woon Cheol
1517,Oh! Youngsim,https://mydramalist.com/736643-oh-youngsimi,"Comedy,  Romance","Childhood Acquaintances Reuniting, Producer Female Lead, Entertainment Industry, First Love Returns, Producer Supporting Character, Childhood Crush, Miniseries, Rejection, Bickering Mains' Relationship, Comic Artist Supporting Character ","Oh Young Sim is single and in her 30s. She has worked as a TV variety show PD for 8 years. She wanted to make people laugh with her TV shows, which were always cancelled due to low popularity ratings. Her career is now in a crisis. She has a chance to produce a love entertainment show as a pilot program. For the show, Oh Young Sim casts famous start-up founder Mark Wang as a guest. She is surprised that Mark Wang is Wang Kyung Tae. When they were little, Wang Kyung Tae had a crush on Oh Young Sim, and he always let her know how he felt about her. Oh Young Sim did not feel the same way towards Wang Kyung Tae at the time. He then suddenly moved to the United States with his family. They lost contact with each other afterward.Now, 20 years after they were last together, Wang Kyung Tae appears in front of her as CEO Mark Wang. Meanwhile, PD Lee Chae Dong works with PD Oh Young Sim in the same variety show department. He is always on her side. Also, around Oh Young Sim is her friend Goo Wol Sook. She runs the popular YouTube video channel ""Ku's Date"".(Source: AsianWiki)~~ Adapted from the animated series ""Yeongsimi"" (영심이), which in turn is adapted from the comic series ""14-year-old Yeongsimi"" (열네 살 영심이) by Bae Geum Teak (배금택).",7.1,1206,10,"['Song  Ha Yoon', 'Lee Dong Hae', 'Lee Min Jae', 'Jung Woo Yeon', 'Song Young Jae', 'Wang Ji Hye']",Not Yet Rated,"ENA,  Genie TV","Kim Eun Kyung,  Oh Hwan Min",Jeon Seon Young
1518,Oh! Boarding House,https://mydramalist.com/715373-boarding-house-number-5,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth","Miniseries, Web Series, Gay Male Lead, Gay Romance, Nice Male Lead, LGBTQ+, Adapted From A Webtoon, Gay Supporting Character, Short Length Series, Teacher Male Lead ","Sul Won is an out-of-work young man whose mother runs a low-cost boarding house for students and men who don’t have enough money to buy or rent an apartment on their own. But when his mother suddenly goes on vacation, she leaves Sul Won in charge of the boarding house – becoming the de facto live-in landlord. The residents of the boarding house are a mixed bunch. They include a high school senior, who also happens to be Sul Won’s cousin. There is also Sul Won’s former college friend, as well as Kim Chun Seo, a high school teacher. Rounding out the number is a third-year university student who dreams of becoming a writer. As the young men spend more time together, a close bond of friendship begins to form in the house. But when Sul Won discovers that some of the tenants have begun to develop a crush on him, Cupid could well come calling!(Source: Viki, edited by MyDramaList)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Hasuk 5"" (하숙집 5번지) by Penguin (펭귄).",7.1,7381,8,"['Shin Yong Seok', 'Im Sung Kyun', 'Kim Hee Joong', 'Shin Ki Hwan', 'Ho Jin', 'Han Seo Ul']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Viki,Park Eun Joo,Team Wol Pi Dong
1519,Love Cells,https://mydramalist.com/11298-love-cells,"Comedy,  Romance,  Sci-Fi","Short Length Series, Cheerful Female Lead, Airhead Female Lead, Costume, Special Power, Calm Male Lead, Web Series, Nice Male Lead, Adapted From A Webtoon, Friendship ","Ma Dae Choong is unemployed and hasn't dated in 9 years because his love cells/DNA are all dried up, hence his inability to date. He is tired of being single and decides it's time to start dating again. Ne Bi teaches Ma Dae Choong about the a-z's of love. The drama will revolve around the love story of Ma Dae Choong and Seo Rin.~~ Adapted from the webtoon by Kim Myung Hyun.",7.0,3779,15,"['Park Sun Ho', 'Kim Yoo Jung', 'Nam Ji Hyun', 'Baek Sung Hyun', 'Jang Hyuk', 'Kim Woo Bin']",G - All Ages,"Naver TV Cast,  Viki",Kim Yong Wan,Unknown
1520,Wedding,https://mydramalist.com/1228-wedding,"Romance,  Drama","Rich Female Lead, Rich Woman/Poor Man, Female Chases Male First, Childhood Friends' Relationship, Married Female Lead, Married Male Lead, Innocent Female Lead, Stubborn Female Lead, Childhood Connection, Government ","Lee Se Na is the only daughter from a wealthy background. Because of her pampered upbringing, she believes that she can get anything she wants if she sets her heart to it. She meets Han Seung Woo, a self-made diplomat, who is not-so-secretly in love with his childhood friend Yoon Su, currently in Japan with her fiance, Seung Woo's colleague Jin Hui. Se Na instantly falls in love with Seung Woo, who asks her what she thinks the meaning of marriage is. In their subsequent marriage, their values are questioned as Se Na's complete trust in Seung Woo shatters with the realization of Yoon Su's and Seung Woo's relationship, and Seung Woo's happiness in marriage shatters with Se Na's deepening mistrust and her own relationship with Jin Hui.",7.0,367,18,"['Jang Na Ra', 'Ryu Shi Won', 'Myung Se Bin', 'Lee Hyun Woo', 'Na Young Hee', 'Kang  Suk Woo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Unknown,Oh Soo Yun
1521,Infinite Power,https://mydramalist.com/8243-infinite-power,"Romance,  Life,  Youth","Adapted From A Manhwa, Share House Setting, Housemates' Relationship, Short Length Series, Miniseries ","Jang Seon Jae is in despair with reality, although he tries to live a busy life while setting his sight on entering a large corporation—highly competitive and prestigious—and working on beefing up his resume.~~ Adapted from the novel ""Infinite Power"" by Joo Ho Min.",7.0,295,6,"['Im Seul Ong', 'Kim Seul Gi', 'Bae Woo Hee', 'Ahn Nae Sang', 'Gong Myung', 'Dong Yoon Seok']",Not Yet Rated,CGV,Park Chan Yool,Unknown
1522,Jeon Woo Chi,https://mydramalist.com/5415-jeon-woo-chi,"Action,  Adventure,  Historical,  Comedy,  Romance,  Martial Arts,  Supernatural",Adapted From A Novel ,"It is a story of Jeon Woo Chi, the guru who gained his powers by swallowing a Gumiho's bead, and his revenge on his friend’s betrayal, which caused him to lose his father-figure Hong Kil Dong and his lover Hong Moo Yeon. So in order to avenge their deaths, he travels to Joseon and becomes a reluctant hero for the people. Hong Mu Yeon is a princess, the granddaughter of Hong Gil Dong, and the love interest of Jeon Woo Chi.~~ Adapted from a novel.",7.0,602,24,"['Cha Tae Hyun', 'Uee', 'Lee Hee Joon', 'Park Kil Soo', 'Jung  Soo Young', 'Shin Seung Hwan']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Park Jin Suk,  Kang Il Soo",Jo Myung Joo
1523,Twelve Men in a Year,https://mydramalist.com/3484-twelve-men-in-a-year,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life",Writer Female Lead ,"Yoon Jin Seo plays Miru, a 29-year-old magazine writer, who takes on a new romance column and launches headlong into a project where she dates twelve men, one for each astrological sign of the year.",7.0,905,16,"['Ohn Joo Wan', 'Yoon Jin Seo', 'Lee Yong Woo', 'Bae Geu Rin', 'Go Joon Hee', 'Kim Sung  Je']",Not Yet Rated,tvN,Oh Jong Rok,Hwang Jo Yoon
1524,Coma,https://mydramalist.com/1112-coma,"Thriller,  Horror,  Supernatural","Hospital Setting, Doctor Male Lead, Dark Fiction, Sisters' Relationship, Flashback To Past, Anthology, Miniseries, Episodic Format, Death, Coma ","Behind the doors of Namwon Hospital lies a chilling secret, one that the hospital's inhabitants have kept buried for the last 10 years, and all centered around one coma patient, Lee So Hee. With the hospital's reputation steadily declining from countless medical accidents over the years, it is forced to shut down. However, as the hospital closes its doors, another opens, and secrets that have long been hidden come out with a vengeance. (Source: DramaWiki)",7.0,298,5,"['Lee Young Jin', 'Lee Jung Hun', 'Im Won Hee', 'Lee Se Eun', 'Myung Ji Yun', 'Cha Soo Yeon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,OCN,Kong Su Chang,Unknown
1525,Star's Echo,https://mydramalist.com/1198-stars-echo,"Music,  Romance","Musician Male Lead, Language Barrier, Guilt, Intercountry Romance, Miniseries, Death ","The story is centered on the love between a musically gifted South Korean man, Yoo Sung Jae, and a Japanese woman, Misaki. Misaki, who feels guilty over her boyfriend's death, is transferred to Korea and meets Seong Jae who helps her cure her wounds of the past memories with love.(Source: DramaWiki)",7.0,194,2,"['Jo Hyun Jae', 'Nakagoshi Noriko', 'Lee Joon Gi', 'Lee Da Hae', 'Kim  Yong Hee']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,"Fuji TV,  MBC",Go Dong Sun,Unknown
1526,Legend of Hyang Dan,https://mydramalist.com/1149-legend-of-hyang-dan,"Historical,  Comedy,  Romance","Historical Fiction, Parody, Miniseries, Joseon Dynasty ",The drama is a twist to the well known classic story of The Legend of Chun Hyang. The big question revolving around this plot is what if the one that Lee Mong Ryong loves is not Chun Hyang but Hyang Dan? The drama will deliver a refreshing new comedy style. (Source: DramaWiki),7.0,646,2,"['Choi Si Won', 'Seo Ji Hye', 'Lee Ji Soo', 'Bang Eun Hee', 'Heo Jung Min', 'Kim Kwang Gyu']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Kim Sang Ho,Kim Ji Wan
1527,Baby-faced Beauty,https://mydramalist.com/1547-baby-faced-beauty,"Business,  Comedy,  Romance","Hidden Identity, Older Woman/Younger Man, Workplace Setting, Fashion Designer Female Lead, Fashion Industry, Workplace Romance, Male Chases Female First, Clingy Male Lead ","This drama is centered around a 34-year-old woman Lee So Young with a babyface as she works to become a fashion designer and overcomes obstacles like only having a high school diploma and a bad credit history.Choi Jin Wook is the heir of the famous Jokbal restaurant with millions of dollars in annual revenue. But, Choi Jin Wook goes against his father and leaves his parents' house. Choi Jin Wook starts to work at another company to accomplish his dream. Against his will, Choi Jin Wook starts working in the fashion department. With his sweet character, he survives there and meets Lee So Young.",7.0,4871,20,"['Jang Na Ra', 'Choi Daniel', 'Ryu Jin', 'Kim Min Seo', 'Hong Rok Gi', 'Son Hwa Ryung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Lee So Yeon,  Lee Jin Seo",Jung Do Yoon
1528,Be Arrogant,https://mydramalist.com/11348-be-arrogant,"Business,  Romance","Fashion Industry, Miniseries ","Hong Hara is a bright, energetic girl with a positive outlook on life. She is a sweet girl who believes that every time she falls in love, it would last forever. Hong Hara is in a relationship with No Cheol, a man no one cannot seem to resist, though he is not mature all the time. He is also the ex-boyfriend of Do Ra Hee, a girl who has spent the last ten years in the fashion business. After dating No Cheol for six years, she is now sick of men and her number one goal is to gain more money. Somehow Hong Hara ends up living and working with Do Ra Hee. The two women decide to launch their own online shopping mall. After struggling to make a living at the fast fashion mecca of Korea, Dongdaemun, they realize the potential in online shopping malls. However, the industry is filled with competitors, and the business partners soon learn about the challenges of running a small business.",7.0,1340,10,"['Shin So Yool', 'Yura', 'Yoo Min Kyu', 'Kyeon Mi Ri', 'Go Se Won', 'Lee Hye Ri']",Not Yet Rated,SBS Plus,Yoon Ryu Hae,Im Sang Choon
1529,Lovely Horribly,https://mydramalist.com/28743-lovely-horribly,"Horror,  Comedy,  Romance,  Supernatural","Ghost, Eccentric Female Lead, Weak Male Lead, Rich Male Lead, Love Triangle, Murder, Slow Burn Romance, Hardworking Female Lead, Successful Male Lead, Mother-Son Relationship ","A man and a woman are bound by an unusual fate: one’s happiness always results in the other’s misfortune. The two start writing a drama together, and the events in the screenplay mysteriously begin occurring in real life.(Source: MyDramaList)",7.0,4633,32,"['Park Shi Hoo', 'Song Ji Hyo', 'Ham Eun Jung', 'Lee Gi Kwang', 'Choi Yeo Jin', 'Ji Seung Hyun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Ji Byung Hyun,  Kang Min Kyung",Park Min Joo
1530,My Unfortunate Boyfriend,https://mydramalist.com/12126-my-unfortunate-boyfriend,"Romance,  Drama","Clumsy Male Lead, Amusement Park Setting, Airhead Male Lead, Hardworking Female Lead, Naive Male Lead, Eccentric Male Lead, Weak Male Lead, Nice Male Lead, First Love ","Yoon Tae Woon is a man who believes in living truthfully, so he is honest to a fault. On the other hand, Yoo Ji Na is a woman who has no qualms about lying to get what she wants. She is just starting out at a corporate job, determined to succeed at any cost. The drama will demonstrate how their unlikely romance turns out to be true love.",7.0,3309,16,"['Noh Min Woo', 'Yang  Jin Sung', 'Jung Yoon Hak', 'Han Hye Rin', 'Kim Eun Jung', 'Yoon Joo Sang']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,MBC Dramanet,Nam Ki Hoon,Lee Jae Yoon
1531,Big,https://mydramalist.com/4236-big,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth,  Fantasy","Body Swap, Student-Teacher Relationship, Amnesia, Older Woman/Younger Man, Marriage, Love Triangle, Family Secret, Rich Male Lead, Orphan Male Lead, Coma ",18-year-old Kang Kyung Joon's spirit suddenly becomes transplanted in the body of 30-year-old Seo Yoon Jae. Seo Yoon Jae is a successful doctor and engaged to high school teacher Gil Da Ran. Gil Da Ran just so happens to be the teacher of 18-year old Kang Kyung Joon.,7.0,17192,16,"['Gong Yoo', 'Lee Min Jung', 'Shin  Won Ho', 'Bae Suzy', 'Shin Ji Soo', 'Yoon Hae Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Ji Byung Hyun,  Kim Seong Yoon","Hong Jung Eun,  Hong Mi Ran"
1532,How to Meet a Perfect Neighbor,https://mydramalist.com/1406-how-to-meet-a-perfect-neighbor,"Mystery,  Comedy,  Romance","Best Friends' Relationship, Secretary Female Lead, Death, Unusual Friendship, Boss-Employee Relationship, Murder, Reserved Male Lead, Nice Female Lead, Neighbors' Relationship, Single Mother/Father Supporting Character ","Baek Soo Chan has nothing in his hands but he lives a life under the belief that he will become the man any woman who sits next to him wants. However, his belief is questioned when he starts to realize true love. When playboy Baek Soo Chan finally meets his match in Jung Yoon Hee, he goes absolutely crazy! His once blissful life of messing around with women has become something of the past ever since Yoon Hee started to make snide remarks as she tries to protect her older sister from being trapped by his playboy ways. Yoo Joon Suk is the heir to his father's very successful company. He is forced to come back and take over his father's company when his father suddenly collapses. Yoon Hee then becomes Joon Suk's assistant and falls for her boss. Will Joon Suk return her feelings and will they be able to be together despite his mother's objections?",7.0,570,20,"['Bae Doo Na', 'Kim Seung Woo', 'Park Shi Hoo', 'Wang Ji Hye', 'Lee Won Jae', 'Son Hyun Joo']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,SBS,Jo Nam Gook,Jung Ji Woo
1533,The Wedding Scheme,https://mydramalist.com/3945-the-wedding-scheme,"Comedy,  Romance,  Family","Sisters' Relationship, Mother-Daughter Relationship, Illness, Boss-Employee Relationship, Marriage ",A mother of four daughters and the president of a kimchi factory decides to embark on a grand marriage scheme for her children... by having them cohabitate with four eligible bachelors.,7.0,1110,16,"['Kang Hye Jung', 'Lee Kyu Han', 'Lee Min Woo', 'Lee Young Eun', 'Park Min Ji', 'Kim  Se Jung']",Not Yet Rated,tvN,Lee Min Woo,Unknown
1534,All is Well,https://mydramalist.com/15129-all-is-well,"Romance,  Drama,  Family,  Melodrama",Unknown,A drama about people who face hate and conflict while learning to forgive and understand the meaning of love and happiness.,7.0,250,102,"['Choi Yoon Young', 'Kwak Shi Yang', 'Uhm Hyun Kyung', 'Song  Jae Hee', 'Heo Jung Min', 'Han Bo Reum']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Kim Won Yong,Lee Seon Hee
1535,Color Rush Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/706273-color-rush-season-2,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Romance,  Youth","LGBTQ+, Color Blindness, Friendship, Gay Male Lead, Missing Lover, Missing Person, Miniseries, Web Series, Kidnapping, Investigation ","Choi Yeon Woo is a high school student and a “mono” – a person who sees the world only in a dull and lifeless black and white. But for every mono, there is a “probe” – a kind of soulmate who allows the mono to see the world in vivid color. Yeon Woo’s probe was a boy named Yoo Han, and the two developed a beautiful friendship that blossomed into romance. But as their relationship intensified, mysterious goings-on suddenly got very unpleasant for Yeon Woo, who eventually found that Yoo Han had disappeared, with his mother also vanishing.Yeon Woo vows to do whatever it takes to track down his “probe” and his mother. A classmate named Se Hyun learns of Yeon Woo’s quest and resolves to help and protect him – as a close friendship develops between the two students. But Se Hyun hides a secret, and Yeon Woo could be about to discover the truth… Meanwhile, Yeon Woo is not alone – other monos are nearer than he might think, including a female mono who is looking for her own probe. And a TV producer is also on the scene, hoping to get to the bottom of the mono-probe mystery!(Source: Viki)~~ Adapted from the web novel ""Color Rush"" (컬러 러쉬) by Se Sang (세상).",7.0,6054,8,"['Yoo Jun', 'Hyuk', 'Yeon Min Ji', 'Oh Yu Jin', 'Baek Seo Hoo', 'Min Hyo Gi']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"LINE TV,  Viki",Park Sun Jae,Unknown
1536,Aftermath Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/11612-aftermath-season-2,"Action,  Thriller,  Mystery,  Supernatural","Miniseries, Web Series, Short Length Series, High School, Adapted From A Webtoon, Supernatural Power, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Teenager Male Lead, Investigation ","Ahn Dae Yong is a quiet high school student who suddenly develops the superpower to predict who is a murderer and who is about to die. Those who appear to have red eyes are destined to die soon, while those with blue eyes are about to commit murder. Ahn Dae Yong decides to use this power to save lives and becomes an unexpected hero for the people. (Source: MyDramaList)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Aftermath"" (후유증) by Kim Sun Kwon (김선권).",7.0,1713,6,"['Kim Dong Jun', 'Sun Joo Ah', 'Kim Min Seok', 'Joo Yeon Woo', 'Choi Kyu Hwan', 'Chae Hee Jae']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
1537,Air City,https://mydramalist.com/2822-air-city,"Action,  Romance,  Drama","Airport Setting, Agent Male Lead ","Han Do Kyung, specially scouted by the Incheon Airport Director, willingly accepted 1/3 of the pay she was receiving when working in Singapore to come back to Korea as the chief of operations of Incheon Airport. She speaks five different languages. However, Do Kyung lives with an uneven wound of her family and a regret of leaving her sister behind. She met Kim Ji Sung, a National Intelligence Service agent and gets entangle with him. Kim Ji Sung is very passionate about his work to the extend that he is willing to bend the rules to ensure the security of the country even if he is only acting on his instincts...(Source: DramaWiki)",7.0,370,16,"['Lee Jung Jae', 'Choi Ji Woo', 'Lee Jin Wook', 'Moon Jung Hee', 'Yoon Joo Sang', 'Lee Da Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Im Tae Woo,"Lee Myung Hee,  Lee Seon Hee,  Lee Seo Yoon"
1538,Her Legend,https://mydramalist.com/7310-her-legend,"Romance,  Drama","Cheerful Female Lead, Chasing A Dream, Hardworking Female Lead, Fashion Designer Female Lead, Orphan Female Lead ","Jung Soo lost her mother at a young age and lived with her maternal uncle who treated her poorly. She had a chance to be adopted by a wealthy lady who pitied her, but her cousin Seo Hyun seized the chance instead. Seo Hyun always disliked Jung Soo for adding burden to her already poor family and was jealous of Jung Soo’s positivity. Jung Soo eventually becomes a bag designer who remains cheerful and confident even though she has no education, money, or connections to boast of. She starts working for a famous fashion company that recognizes her skills. But fate has tragically led her to work in the same fashion company as Seo Hyun. Thanks to her step-parents’ support, Seo Hyun grew up wanting for nothing, but she hinders Jung Soo’s life, fearing that it might be revealed that she stole Jung Soo’s chance for adoption. Meanwhile, Jung Soo gets into an argument with a man because of a small misunderstanding, and she later finds out that he is Jin Hoo, the director and de-facto president of the fashion company she is working at. Jin Hoo is handsome and smart, but arrogant, and keeps running into conflict with Jung Soo. Jin Hoo is eventually attracted to Jung Soo, as she is very cheerful and also has a strong passion for bags. His feelings for her continue to grow. And Jung Soo continues chasing after her dream despite the difficulties she faces.(Source: JTBC)",7.0,1839,20,"['Choi Jung Won', 'Kim Jeong Hoon', 'Son Eun Seo', 'Park  Yoon Jae', 'Shin Soo Yun', 'Jang Tae Sung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,Lee Seung Ryul,Kim Jung Ah
1539,Cruel Love,https://mydramalist.com/360-bad-love,"Action,  Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Mistress Female Lead, Cellist Female Lead, Heir Male Lead, Musician Female Lead, Young Adult Female Lead, Half-sister-Half-brother Relationship, Caring Parents, Obsessive Male Lead, Car Accident, Attempted Suicide ","Na In Jung was a successful orchestra cellist in her 20s, nice kind girl lacking nothing. She met handsome stranger, a successful businessman Lee Soo Hwan and fell in love at first sight. Their short romance was beautiful and full with love but soon everything changes for In Jung after it was revealed that her first love Lee Soo Hwan, was married.  In Jung loved him so much she was even ready to be secret lover but Soo Hwan brock up with her because of pressure from his wife's rich powerful family. After these events In Jung looses everything including her mother, house, ability to play cello. Feeling hopeless and ruined, she ends up selling fried chicken, her dreams long gone.Kang Yong Ki is a heir of a prosperous conglomerate family. His half-sister, Kang Joo Ran, is married to Soo Hwan, who only married her to attain the CEO position of the Kang siblings' father's company. Yong Ki lived in New York with her first love Joanne. He returns home after her suicide. His heart is still in pain from losing her. After 5 years passed since breaking up with Soo Hwan and hardest period of her life Na In Jung lives in small town where she meets Kang Yong Ki who recently returned from New York. After several coincidental run-ins they slowly start to fall in love. By this time Soo Hwan, who had destroyed her life, approaches her. Soo Hwan has realized that his career ambitions are not able to fill the emptiness he feels, and he asks for In Jung's forgiveness, believing he needs her in order to be happy. However, In Jung and Yong Ki are already in love. Will she return to her first love or stay with Yong Ki?(Source: NiSkywalker at MyDramaList)",7.0,1412,20,"['Lee Yo Won', 'Kwon Sang Woo', 'Kim Sung Soo', 'Cha Ye Ryun', 'Kim  Ka Yeon', 'Park Geun Hyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Kwon Gye Hong,Lee Yoo Jin
1540,I Am...,https://mydramalist.com/24625-i-am,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth,  Sci-Fi","Student Female Lead, School Setting, Teenager Female Lead, Short Length Series, Brother-Sister Relationship, Miniseries, High School, Android, Artificial Intelligence, Robot ","A scientist who abandoned his two children in pursuit of his work finally succeeds in creating an artificial intelligence robot that looks like a beautiful high school girl. To keep his invention out of the hands of some nefarious people, the inventor asks his adult children to take care of the robot and leaves.The daughter, who is a high school teacher, enrolls the robot at her school as her cousin Annie, who just transferred from the United States.Can Annie fit into her new strange environment? And what will happen when she learns about the range of human emotions, including love?(Source: Viki)~~ Was distributed to middle and high schools in Korea through the Korea Science and Technology Foundation.",7.0,1136,6,"['Jung Chae Yeon', 'Park Sun Woo', 'Lee Ju A', 'Lee Seung Chul']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Naver TV Cast,Hwang  Gyung Sung,Unknown
1541,Sweet Enemy,https://mydramalist.com/23202-sweet-enemy,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Wrongfully Accused, Birth Secret, Prison Setting, Long Lost Child, Soap Opera, Step-siblings Love, Revenge, Family ",Oh Dal Nim is falsely accused of murder. She decides to take revenge on those responsible for her misery.,7.0,191,124,"['Park Eun Hye', 'Yoo Geon', 'Lee Jae Woo', 'Park Young Rin', 'Lee Bo Hee', 'Choi Ja Hye']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Lee Hyun Jik,Baek Young Sook
1542,She Is Nineteen,https://mydramalist.com/395-she-is-nineteen,"Comedy,  Romance,  Melodrama","Doctor Male Lead, Orphan Female Lead, Forbidden Love, Older Man/Younger Woman, Enemies To Lovers, Birth Secret, Love Triangle ","This series is about a 19-year-old girl, Yoo Min, who was being abandoned after the death of her mother. She lives alone with her adopted brother, Kang Pyo. She accidentally meets Seung Jae, the younger brother of Min Jae. By chance, Yoo Min actually had a crush on Min Jae, a doctor who treats her brother illness for a long time. To fight off his mother demand, Min Jae gets into an engagement contract with Yoo Min and they all end up living at Min Jae's house. Unexpectedly, Yoo Min and Seung Jae are going to the same high school. From there, Seung Jae secretly loves Yoo Min. On the other hand, Yoo Min's father who got amnesia from a car accident is looking for her again when 15 years ago, she had been abandoned by two women who worked at the restaurant. The conflict comes when the people who are living in Min Jae's house are actually related to Yoo Min's abandonment. They are the ones who stole the inheritance and abandoned her when she was four years old.",7.0,997,16,"['Kim Jae Won', 'Yoon Kye Sang', 'Jung Da Bin', 'Kim Min Hee', 'Heo Jung Min', 'Hong Yo Sub']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,SBS,Lee Chang Han,Jin Soo Wan
1543,Hateful But Once Again,https://mydramalist.com/826-hateful-but-once-again,Romance,"Cold Female Lead, Greed, Spoiled Male Lead, Playboy Male Lead, Marriage Of Convenience, Birth Secret ","Lee Min Soo is the Korean male version of Paris Hilton. One day, he meets Choi Yoon Hee when he was trying to avoid one of his many conquests. Min Soo's mother, Han Myung In, thinks that Yoon Hee has what it takes to rein in Min Soo and his playboy behaviours. She offers Yoon Hee a deal that she cannot resist: to become Korea's Hillary Clinton and in exchange, she has to marry Min Soo and change his playboy ways.",7.0,257,24,"['Park Ye Jin', 'Jung Gyu Woon', 'Park Sang Won', 'Jeon In Hwa', 'Choi Myung Gil', 'Kim Yoon Kyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Kim Jong Chang,Unknown
1544,Sweden Laundry,https://mydramalist.com/11724-sweden-laundry,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Supernatural","Older Woman/Younger Man, Clairvoyant Female Lead, Clairvoyance, Precognition ","A comical fantasy drama about a girl who has the ability to see people's worries about love, friendship, and employment. When Kim Bom was young, she had a hard time due to her siblings (she couldn't get any attention from her family or those around her). Her younger sister is a pretty college student majoring in dance and aspires to be an actress. Her older brother, Kim Eun-Chul, is now a genius who's already passed the foreign service and civil service exams, and enjoys boasting about his accomplishments. While Kim Bom has become an ordinary laundromat owner (she runs Sweden Laundry). And yet, Bom has something neither of her siblings have. Supernatural powers allowing her to read her client's worries through their laundry. She uses this unusual ability to resolve problems for the people around her. Her love interest is Yong Soo Chul, a hardworking young man who makes a lot of mistakes as he tries to achieve his dreams. Rounding out the love triangle will be Park Ki-Joon, a well-to-do dentist with a good family background and specs, but also a whimsical side.",7.0,1832,16,"['Song  Ha Yoon', 'Chang Jo', 'Kim Ian', 'Oh  Sang Jin', 'Hwang Young Hee', 'Hwang Seung Eon']",Not Yet Rated,MBC every1,Jung Hwan Suk,Lee Eun Young
1545,"Take Care of Us, Captain",https://mydramalist.com/3157-take-care-of-us-captain,"Romance,  Drama","Airport Setting, Plane Setting, Pilot Male Lead, Hidden Past, Love Triangle ","The drama began filming with location shoots in Australia and unfolds around the character growth, careers, and romances of those working at an airport.Kim Yoon Sung is the talented pilot of a passenger airline who gets saddled with a new co-pilot, Han Da Jin, in her attempts to become a pilot.The pair gets caught in a love triangle with Kang Dong Soo who is an air traffic controller at Incheon International Airport with seven years of experience under his belt. He’s prickly and cool but possesses a cute, playful side that sometimes crops up.",7.0,1327,20,"['Gu Hye Seon', 'Yoo  Sun', 'Clara Lee', 'Lee Chun Hee', 'Ji Jin Hee', 'Kim Jin Sung']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,SBS,Joo Dong Min,Unknown
1546,Vampire Flower,https://mydramalist.com/10633-vampire-flower,"Romance,  Supernatural","Miniseries, Web Series, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Vampire Fiction, Vampire Male Lead, Short Length Series, High School, Interspecies Romance ","Louis is a centuries old vampire who appears to be a teenager. He has fallen in love with Seo Young, a high school student with extraordinary blood. Together, they trek through the land of the vampires to retrieve a long lost flower.(Source: IMDb)",7.0,4193,6,"['Kim Ga Eun', 'Seo Jae Hyung', 'Dowoo', 'Lee Seung Yub', 'Kim Byung Chun', 'Lee Sang Hoon']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
1547,Loveholic,https://mydramalist.com/1977-loveholic,"Romance,  Drama","Age Gap [Drama Life], Age Gap [Real Life], Prosecutor Male Lead, Neurological Disorder, Sleep Disorder, Narcolepsy, Older Woman/Younger Man, Student-Teacher Relationship ","It's a love story between the disobedient student Kang Wook and his teacher Yool Ju set in a high school in Chuncheon.Before meeting Kang Wook, Yool Ju has been dating Tae Hyeon, a public prosecutor. But over time, Yool Ju and Kang Wook fall deeply in love despite social prejudices, age gap, and teacher-student relationship. One day, Yool Ju accidentally kills Kang Wook's classmate, who intentionally harasses Kang Wook. But due to narcolepsy, Yool Ju doesn't remember what happened, she fell asleep during the incident. To protect her, Kang Wook goes to jail in her place.Five years later, when Kang Wook is released from prison, he meets Yool Ju again, but she is now engaged to Tae Hyeon. Learning what sacrifice he has made for her, Yool Ju wants to go back to Kang Wook, but this time Kang Wook is not alone - Ja Kyung, his former classmate and currently a radio program host, is by his side. Their circumstances hamper Yool Ju from loving Kang Wook, but she is desperate to help him recover the lost five years and become a top-notch cook.",7.0,469,16,"['Kim Gyu Ri', 'Kang Ta', 'Yoo In Young', 'Lee Sun Kyun', 'Kim Yoon Seok', 'Jung Dong Hwan']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,"Moon Joon Ha,  Lee Geon Joon",Lee Hyang Hee
1548,Tomorrow Boy,https://mydramalist.com/16795-tomorrow-boy,"Romance,  Life,  Youth","Hardworking Male Lead, Miniseries, Web Series, Poor Male Lead, Secret Crush, Poor Family, High School, Rich Woman/Poor Man, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead ","“Tomorrow Boy” tells the tale of a handsome, young patriarch who lives on for tomorrow even in the midst of adversity. A young patriarch, Ahn Tae Pyeong, who has lost both his parents and is in charge of taking care of his grandmother along with his four younger siblings. Despite his circumstances, Tae Pyeong has a strong conviction and is energetic, while he pursues his studies and earns money for his family.",7.0,1171,5,"['Cha Hak Yeon', 'Kang  Min Ah', 'Yeo Woon', 'Moon Ji In', 'Yoon Hee Seok', 'Jun In Taek']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Park Sun Jae,Unknown
1549,Only You,https://mydramalist.com/1165-only-you,Romance,"Secret Child, Strong Female Lead, Boss-Employee Relationship, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Love Triangle ","Eun Jae was a stubborn and head-strong girl who had a passion for cooking. She did not have any interest in going to college and with the help of her highschool friend, Jung Hyun Sung ran away to Italy to enroll in a cooking school. Jung Hyun Sung who loved her dearly went along with her.Han Yi Joon came from a wealthy family. He travelled to Italy looking for his mother and there he ran into Eun Jae, who had also been seeking the same person to learn the secrets to making great pasta. She comforted Yi Joon, who was distraught over his mother's remarrying, and they ended up making love. Yi Joon left Eun Jae the next morning over some misunderstanding. Eun Jae became pregnant and had no choice but to give up her dream and to return to Korea.6 years later, Eun Jae was working in low paying restaurant jobs, Yi Joon started to take over the operations of his family's business, and Hyun Sung was working as a chef for one of the restaurants owned by Yi Joon and managed by Ji Soo Yeon. Hyun Sung was good with Eun Jae's son and he was helping out Eun Jae's whole family financially as they had fallen on hard times. Yi Joon found out that he still had feelings for Eun Jae as they ran into each other when he was looking for a new chef for his restaurant. The dramatic tension unfolds as the four main characters worked out their feelings for each other.(Source: DramaWiki)",7.0,1206,16,"['Han Chae Young', 'Jo Hyun Jae', 'Hong Soo Hyun', 'Lee Chun Hee', 'Lee Byung Joon', 'Jeon Hye Bin']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Choi Moon Seok,Hwang Sung Yeon
1550,"Smile, Again",https://mydramalist.com/1190-smile-again,"Romance,  Drama,  Sports,  Melodrama","Baseball, First Love, Love Triangle, Friendship ","Ban Ha Jin, an orphan and high school drop out, is calculating and ambitious. Even though he dropped out of high school and lives with Choi Yoo Kang due to extenuating circumstances, he used to be the high school president and hoped to go to college. Through coincidence, he meets Yoon Jae Myung, the popular former baseball player from high school, at a bar in Switzerland. Ha Jin manipulates a series of events to become Jae Myung's best friend. Also coincidentally, he meets Oh Dan Hui (Kim Hee Sun), the girl he loved and hurt in high school. Oh Dan Hui used to play baseball on the boy's team but now plays softball in college. Her baseball hero is Yoon Jae Myung. All three meet again in Switzerland and again back in Korea. Ha Jin starts working in Jae Myung's father's company and does everything to make the rich chairman like him. Jae Myung starts working as the softball coach of his father's company's team but then gets transferred. He falls in love with Dan Hui who's headstrong and optimistic personality attracts him. He asks Ha Jin for advice, but Ha Jin cannot bear to watch Jae Myung take his true love.",7.0,477,16,"['Lee Dong Gun', 'Kim Hee Sun', 'Lee Jin Wook', 'Yoon Se Ah', 'Kim Bo Yun', 'Hong Ji Young']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Unknown,Unknown
1551,Super Rookie,https://mydramalist.com/914-super-rookie,"Business,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Workplace Setting, Office Setting, Office Worker Male Lead ","Super Rookie is an intelligent comedy which gives hope and courage to young people going through difficult times.It is a story of a young man, Kang Ho, who gets a job in a prestigious company, LK, due to a computer error. He doesn't have a great family or educational background and is regarded as a slacker in traditional terms. Worst yet, he seems to spend his life devoted to reading comic books, playing cards, kickboxing, and the like. However, he is spirited, street-smart, athletic, loyal, and charismatic, especially with the ladies. The drama reveals how he gets his new job, his work life, and the love and passions in his life in a very interesting way. He never gets discouraged despite all of life's difficulties. Kang Ho's high spirits and Mi Ok's efforts to improve her life give today's younger generation a chance to look at their own lives and ponder what's truly valuable.",7.0,607,20,"['Han Ga In', 'Eric Mun', 'Oh Ji Ho', 'Lee So Yeon', 'Jung Joon Ha', 'Park Hye Sook']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Han Hee,"Kim Ki Ho,  Lee Sun Mi"
1552,Please Find Her,https://mydramalist.com/21811-please-find-her,"Comedy,  Romance","Foreigner Male Lead, Short Length Series, Traveling, Web Series, Friendship ","Can you find someone whom you saw once in a city with a population of 10 million people? A young Dutch man, Jan, flies 8000 km from the Netherlands to Seoul in search of the girl he fell in love with at first sight. He wanders into Itaewon, a neighborhood known for its large population of foreigners and diversity, and meets unique Koreans, such as Kim Jung Nam, the legendary owner of restaurants in Itaewon, an oddball named Man Doo, and his beautiful stewardess sister, Ha Yeong, who go out of their way to help Jan find his love.",7.0,342,14,"['Lee Hyun Jae', 'Kim Ji Hoon', 'Hyung Won', 'Go Gyu Pil', 'Oh Ha Young', 'Lee Se Young']",G - All Ages,KBS2,Unknown,Unknown
1553,Love Marriage,https://mydramalist.com/1153-love-marriage,"Comedy,  Romance","Attorney Male Lead, Remarriage, Eccentric Female Lead, Matchmaking, Second Chance Romance, Misunderstanding, Marriage ","Lee Kang Hyun is a manager at a company that sets up people who have been divorced with dates. She meets a divorce attorney, Park Hyun Soo, and they begin a relationship with each other.",7.0,1183,16,"['Kim Min Hee', 'Kim Ji Hoon', 'Yoon Se Ah', 'Park Ki Woong', 'Park Sang Myun', 'Yoon Yoo Sun']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,"Kim Hyoung Seok,  Ki Min Soo",In Eun Ah
1554,Dear X Who Doesn't Love Me,https://mydramalist.com/716775-love-note,"Romance,  Drama","Student Supporting Character, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, Miniseries, Trauma, Web Series ","Seo Hee Soo might not be the most popular girl on campus but that fact has never really bothered her. With dreams of becoming an accomplished lyricist, Hee Soo has more important things to worry about than her popularity. Still, she has to admit that not being popular does have its fair share of drawbacks, particularly when it comes to finding a guy. Having never had a boyfriend before, Hee Soo would very much like to change that. The problem is, she has no idea how.With zero experience with guys and self-esteem so low it’s almost non-existent, Hee Soo doesn’t see herself finding a guy anytime soon. But all of that changes when she happens upon a magical notebook that claims to have the power to make anyone fall in love with someone for a month. Unable to resist the temptation, Hee Soo gives the notebook a try, a fact that horrifies her best friend, Jung Shi Ho, once he discovers the truth.Unable to ignore Hee Soo’s sudden popularity with the guys, her co-worker, Park Se Jin is curious to know her secrets. With guys now lining up for her, will Hee Soo be able to handle the inevitable complications of juggling so many suitors, all while keeping the truth a secret from prying eyes?(Source: Viki)",7.0,1349,10,"['Han Ji Hyo', 'Kim Do Young', 'Kwon Ah Reum', 'a.mond', 'Son Hyun Woo', 'Kim Ji Hoon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,TVING,Ko Jae Hong,Hwang Hye Ji
1555,Why Did You Come to My House?,https://mydramalist.com/228-why-did-you-come-to-my-house,"Comedy,  Romance",Unknown,A comedy romance drama about potential son in-laws who come finding their way to the doorsteps of their future wives because of fate. Jo Gi Dong is a guy who causes some chaotic situations when he aims to become the son in-law of a rich man portrayed by Joo Hyun. Han Mi Soo is a rich girl who falls for Gi Dong. Kim Seung Soo plays Mi Soo's first love in college.,7.0,233,20,"['Lee So Yeon', 'Kim Ji Hoon', 'Kim Seung Soo', 'Oh Yoon Ah', 'Han Da Min', 'Kim Dong Gun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Shin Yoon Sub,Unknown
1556,How to Be Thirty,https://mydramalist.com/40131-born-in-1985,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Web Series, Sismance, Unhealthy Mains' Relationship, Older Woman/Younger Man, First Love, Adapted From A Webtoon, Adult Romance, Eccentric Female Lead, Publishing House Setting, School Setting ","Follows the lives of three friends in their thirties.Seo Ji Won is a budding web-based cartoon author who decides to devote her undivided attention to her craft – forsaking love in favor of her career. And her decision pays off. By the time she is 25, she is a published author. Now, aged 30, she has become a well-recognized writer with scores of devoted readers. But turning her back on romance turns out to be harder than she first thought when Lee Seung Yoo, her first love from her middle school days, returns to the scene to turn her world upside down.And things get more complicated when the film director Cha Do Hoon – who has been charged with adapting Seo Ji Won’s web-based series for the screen – confides in her and appears keen to strike up a close friendship. At the same time, her friends Lee Ran Joo, who works as a radio announcer, and Hong Ah Young, who runs a cafe, are also facing hard times. One day, Hong Ah Young's ex-boyfriend who hurt her in the past appears in front of her once again. Meanwhile, Hyeong Joon Young, who had a one-night stand with Lee Ran Joo and now has feelings for her, works part-time at Hong Ah Young's cafe.(Source: Viki, AsianWiki)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Born in 85"" (85년생) by Hye Won (혜원).",7.0,3227,15,"['Jung In Sun', 'Kang Min Hyuk', 'Song Jae Rim', 'Cha Min Ji', 'Ahn Hee Yeon', 'Baek Sung Chul']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Daum Kakao TV,  Viki",Oh Ki Hwan,Unknown
1557,That Man Oh Soo,https://mydramalist.com/26079-that-man-oh-soo,"Comedy,  Romance,  Fantasy","Love Triangle, First Love, Police Officer Female Lead, Cupid, Magical Power, Hardworking Female Lead, Successful Male Lead, Grandpa-Grandson Relationship, Clumsy Female Lead, Dorky Male Lead ","Oh Soo is an IT company technician who belongs to a family which takes care of a magical tree. Reluctantly he takes care of his family cafe as well  as he is the future guardian of the tree. Oh Soo can detect people's unseen emotions and uses his magical tree's pollen to make people fall in love. However, he himself has a lonely heart and has no love life.All that is about to change, as the cupid succumbs to the power of love when he meets Seo Yoo Ri, a policewoman who is dumped by her boyfriend.(Source: IMDb)",7.0,4694,16,"['Kim So Eun', 'Lee  Jong Hyun', 'Kang Tae Oh', 'Heo Jung Min', 'Jin Ye Ju', 'Lee Hyun Kyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,OCN,Nam Ki Hoon,Jung Yoo Sun
1558,Aftermath,https://mydramalist.com/9144-aftermath,"Action,  Thriller,  Mystery,  Supernatural","Miniseries, Web Series, Short Length Series, Supernatural Power, High School, Adapted From A Webtoon, Suspense, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Teenager Male Lead ","High school student Ahn Dae Yong suddenly develops the ability to tell when someone is about to commit murder and when someone is going to be a victim. Those about to commit murder appear to have blue eyes, while those who are about to become victims appear to have red eyes. Ahn Dae Yong becomes a hero when he decides to use his new power to help people.(Source: MyDramaList)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Aftermath"" (후유증) by Kim Sun Kwon (김선권).",7.0,2788,5,"['Kim Dong Jun', 'Sun Joo Ah', 'Joo Yeon Woo', 'Kim Min Seok', 'Kim Ri Ah', 'Choi Kyu Hwan']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Naver TV Cast,Kim Yang Hee,Oh Bo Hyun
1559,My Fuxxxxx Romance,https://mydramalist.com/74307-my-fuxxxxx-romance,"Romance,  Drama","Open Relationship, Miniseries, Obsessive-compulsive Disorder (OCD), Web Series, LGBTQ+, Age Gap [Real Life], Short Length Series, Mental Illness, Steamy Kiss, Friendship ","The four become friends in a club bar, and their relationship develops. They do not consider each other friends but want to love each other. Some are loyal and want to start a real relationship, but some want fun and playfulness. A love drama about friends looking for a free relationship and falling into a complicated love relationship with each other. How will their relationship play out? Will they remain friends or lovers?",7.0,1658,6,"['Kim Yi Kyung', 'Oh Dong Min', 'Shin Yeon Suh', 'Kim Seung Ho', 'Lee Jung Min']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Baek Min Hee,Unknown
1560,Bong Soon,https://mydramalist.com/17371-bong-soon-a-cyborg-in-love,"Romance,  Drama,  Sci-Fi","Programmer Male Lead, Short Length Series, Smart Male Lead, Interspecies Romance, Artificial Intelligence, Robot, Web Series, Fate ","Bong Soon is a cyborg woman, who has been programmed to shut down as soon as she feels an emotion: love. This romance depicts a touching love story between a genius computer programmer and a cyborg.",7.0,1117,12,"['Cho Kyu Hyun', 'Yoon So Hee', 'Ji  Il Joo', 'Kim Yoo Mi', 'Kim Young Yong', 'Son Hwa Ryung']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
1561,Nickname Pine Leaf,https://mydramalist.com/688131-nickname-pine-needles,Drama,"Famous Lead/Common Lead, Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series ",The story of the main character who claimed to be a broadcaster.(Source: yougrD YouTube),7.0,378,3,"['Lim Han I', 'Yeo One', 'Jung Woo Seok', 'I.L', 'Yang Hong Seok', 'Yan An']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Unknown,Unknown
1562,A Superior Day,https://mydramalist.com/710771-superior-day,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Psychological,  Drama","Gore, Suspense, Firefighter Male Lead, Psychopath Male Lead, Skilled Killer, Mental Illness, Trauma, Father-Daughter Relationship, Death, Kidnapping ","Lee Ho Cheol is a regular firefighter. When news begins to surface about a serial killer, He Cheol is approached by a stranger who informs him that his neighbor, Kwon Shi Woo, is the likely culprit. Unbeknownst to Lee Ho Cheol, that stranger is a contract killer. Soon Lee Ho Cheol finds himself dangerously caught between the two. (Source: MyDramaList)~~ Adapted from the novel ""Superior Day"" (우월한 하루) by Team Getname (팀 겟네임).",7.0,1076,8,"['Jin Goo', 'Ha Do Gwon', 'Lee Won Keun', 'Im Hwa Young', 'Cho Yu Ha', 'Han Yi Jin']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),OCN,Jo Nam Hyung,Lee Ji Hyun
1563,Monkey and Dog Romance,https://mydramalist.com/32657-monkey-and-dog-romance,Romance,"Dog, Miniseries, Pre-produced, Web Series, Animal ","A pre-produced web-drama about a man who can communicate with animals. He breaks up with his girlfriend and therefore their animal friends, a dog and a monkey, must also break up. The animals endeavor to bring their masters back together.(Source: HanCinema)",7.0,223,10,"['Shin  Won Ho', 'Nam Ji Hyun', 'Chae Dong Hyun', 'Lee Ga Kyung', 'Song Da Kyung', 'Choi Eun Kyoung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1564,Royal Family,https://mydramalist.com/287-royal-family,"Thriller,  Business,  Drama","Older Woman/Younger Man, Adapted From A Novel, Suspense ","The story of Kim In Sook's battle against all odds to rise to the top of JK Group with the help of the lawyer Han Ji Hoon, a man whom she has supported since his childhood.After marrying into a chaebol (wealthy business) family, Kim In Sook's life becomes a living hell. Looked down on by her in-laws as a gold-digging intruder, she's ignored and backstaged for years. When her husband is killed in a helicopter accident, her mother-in-law takes her son away. Enter Han Ji Hoon, the powerhouse new lawyer of the family, who knows In Sook from the past.Ji Hoon becomes determined to put a stop to the oppressive situation she's been in for 18 years. When In Sook finally decides that she has had enough and launches a bold plan to take over the family company, Ji Hoon will be there at her side, no matter what it costs him. The two begin to play a dangerous double game.",7.0,697,18,"['Ji Sung', 'Yeom Jung Ah', 'Seo Yoo Jung', 'Jeon Soo Kyung', 'Ha Yun Joo', 'Ryu Dam']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Kim Do Hoon,"Kim Young Hyun,  Park Sang Yeon,  Kwon Eum Mi"
1565,K-POP - The Ultimate Audition,https://mydramalist.com/3929-k-pop-the-ultimate-audition,"Music,  Comedy,  Romance","K-Pop, Arrogant Male Lead, Competition, Friendship, Cross-Dressing, Childhood Friends' Relationship, Idol Male Lead, Entertainment Industry, Hidden Identity, Strong Female Lead ","Ji Seung Yeon dreams of becoming a hip-hop legend and unexpected events set her on the path to achieve just that, although there is an added obstacle - she has to dress up as a boy in order to join a male idol group. In the process, she meets Kang Woo Hyun, the leader of the popular idol group, M2, who captivates fans with a killer smile that masks his rude and selfish personality.",7.0,10212,14,"['Go Eun Ah', 'Park Yoo Hwan', 'Lee Shi Kang', 'Kim Young Ok', 'Park  Hyo Joo', 'Hong Kyung Min']",G - All Ages,Channel A,Unknown,Unknown
1566,Glory Jane,https://mydramalist.com/3012-glory-jane,"Romance,  Drama","Baseball, Sports ","Yoon Jae In is a struggling young woman who dreams of becoming a nurse. She meets Kim Young Kwang at the hospital when he sustains injures. Kim Young Kwang is a baseball player who used to be hotshot hitter but got demoted to second string. As they struggling to overcome their fates, they find love.",6.9,2016,24,"['Chun Jung Myung', 'Park Min Young', 'Lee Jang Woo', 'Lee Jin', 'Choi Ran', 'Jung Hye Sun']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,"Lee Jung Sub,  Lee Eun Jin",Kang Eun Kyung
1567,18 vs. 29,https://mydramalist.com/488-18-vs.-29,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Amnesia, Love Triangle, Older Woman/Younger Man, Car Accident, Enemies To Lovers, Marriage ","Yu Hye Chan is 29 years old and married to Kang Bong Man, her old classmate from high school whom she initially despised and hated but later fell for. The story opens with her decision to get a divorce, but on the way to the courthouse, she has a car accident. When she wakes up at the hospital, she has no memory of her life past the age of 18. Her husband tries to support her since she is now helpless, and as she begins to recover, she finds herself falling for him all over again, but as she recovers physically, she also begins to regain her memory and along with all of the reasons why she planned to leave. Will they be able to work out their differences, or will this spell the end for their marriage?",7.0,1982,16,"['Park Sun Young', 'Ryu Soo Young', 'Park Eun Hye', 'Lee  Han Wi', 'Lee Sang Woo', 'Jung Da Hye']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Ham Young Hoon,  Kim Won Yong","Go Bong Hwang,  Kim Kyung Hee,  Gu Seon Kyung"
1568,Joseon Survival,https://mydramalist.com/33707-joseon-survival,"Historical,  Romance,  Fantasy","Former Athlete Male Lead, Hospital Setting, Deliveryman Male Lead, Thief Male Lead, Doctor Female Lead, Downfall, Miracle, Historical Fiction, Secondary Couple, Archery ","Joseon Survival is about Han Jung Rok, a former national archer and current deliveryman from 2019. He ends up traveling to the past and meets Im Kkeok Jeong, a famous thief from the Joseon dynasty. Together, they struggle to survive, put their lives at stake for the people they love, and share a strong friendship.(Source: Soompi)",7.0,278,16,"['Kang Ji Hwan', 'Seo Ji Suk', 'Kyung Soo Jin', 'Park Se Wan', 'Song Won Seok', 'Lee Jae Yoon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,TV Chosun,"Lee Hyung Sun,  Jang Yong Woo",Kim Sol Ji
1569,1% of Anything,https://mydramalist.com/198-1-of-anything,"Comedy,  Romance","Arranged Relationship, Love/Hate Relationship, Possessive Male Lead, School Setting, Adapted From A Web Novel, Teacher Female Lead, Kind Female Lead, Arrogant Male Lead, Student, Rich Man/Poor Woman ","Kim Jung Hwa is a young and sincere middle school teacher, who has little interest in money. She is also extremely warm-hearted and loves to help other people. When she helps carry an elderly man's belongings from the train to another location, the elderly man is extremely thankful. This grandfather turns out to be the extremely rich owner of a well-known conglomerate. His grandson, Kang Dong Won is a quick-tempered businessman who rivals his grandfather, but in an almost comical way. In an order to ""tame"" his favourite grandson, the grandfather agrees to give his entire fortune to the person who marries Kim Jung Hwa, therefore forcing Kang to meet the girl whom his grandfather chose. Although at first, Kim and Kang don't get along because of Kang's extremely cute but bad temper, their arguments bring them closer together. Kang starts to get jealous when Kim's fellow teacher starts liking her too. Through the clever conditions that Kang's grandfather makes, Kang starts a relationship he does not look forward too. However, what looked like a relationship that would 99% not work out, turns out to be the ""perfect"" match, the 1% chance.(Source: Soompi)~~ Adapted from the web novel ""Something About 1%"" (1%의 어떤 것) by Hyun Go Woon (현고운).",6.9,2605,26,"['Kang Dong Won', 'Kim Jung Hwa', 'Han Hye Jin', 'Lee Byung Wook', 'Kim Ji Woo', 'Kim Seung Min']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,MBC,Unknown,Hyun Go Woon
1570,The Female Friend Among Guys,https://mydramalist.com/61547-a-girl-who-loves-my-male-friend,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth","Student Female Lead, School Setting, Teenager Female Lead, Short Length Series, Miniseries, High School, Web Series, Love Triangle, Bromance, Friendship ",Unknown,7.0,184,5,['Kim In Yi'],Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1571,You're Too Much,https://mydramalist.com/21962-you-are-too-much,"Music,  Drama,  Family,  Melodrama","Singer Female Lead, Kind Male Lead, Kind Female Lead, Hardworking Female Lead, Smart Female Lead, Soap Opera, Infidelity, Blindness, Revenge ","This TV show revolves around a Yoo Jina impersonator who calls herself “Yoo Gina.” The real Yoo Jina was a pop diva who lived life to the fullest and one day, she becomes involved with her impersonator called “Yoo Gina” and their two lives become intertwined. Yoo Jina lives a glamorous life but she also harbors a personal tragedy that pains her deeply. Then there is “Yoo Gina” who works as an impersonator to eke out a living but wants to become a real singer herself. When these two people find each other, will their relationship be a good karmic connection or a poisonous one? Will “Yoo Gina” find the career that she hopes to have?(Source: MBC America)",7.0,226,50,"['Gu Hye Seon', 'Jang Hee Jin', 'Uhm Jung Hwa', 'Kang Tae Oh', 'Jung Gyu Woon', 'Jeon Kwang Ryul']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Baek Ho Min,Ha Chung Ok
1572,Time of Memory,https://mydramalist.com/707493-time-of-memory,"Romance,  Fantasy","Short Length Series, Famous Male Lead, Hyperthymesia, Web Series ","On the outside it may seem like Jung Woo Jin has everything a person could ever possibly want. With his natural talent, unparalleled looks, and a quick wit, he has become the nation’s fastest rising star. Whatever he touches is guaranteed to become the next big hit, making Woo Jin something of a national phenomenon. But behind this glittering exterior there lies a deeply hidden secret. Afflicted by a disease which makes him remember everything, Woo Jin is constantly bombarded by memories and emotions from the past.Unable to escape the moments in his life he’d give anything to be able to forget, Woo Jin lives in a hellish nightmare that stretches on forever. Unable to escape the past, Woo Jin is intrigued when he happens to cross paths with a woman who seems to be afflicted with an unusual condition of her own. Unable to remember anything that happened more than a month ago, Do Hae Soo lives her life from one moment to the next. With no way to remember anything that has happened in the past, Hae Soo has no choice but to live her life constantly moving forward. Intrigued by a woman who can’t ever seem to remember him, Woo Jin finds himself wanting to know more about her. Finding ways to be near her, Woo Jin and Hae Soo draw ever closer; but what future could they possibly have together when she never remembers and he never forgets?(Source: Viki)",7.0,234,20,"['Lee Sung Yeol', 'Yoo Bin', 'Nam Kyu Hee', 'Park Sung Woo', 'Park Eun Woo', 'Park Hyeong Seop']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1573,Love on a Rooftop,https://mydramalist.com/13484-love-on-a-rooftop,"Romance,  Drama,  Family,  Melodrama","Family Relationship, Enemies To Lovers, Strong Female Lead, Nice Male Lead ",A drama about a woman who finally becomes a part of a family after re-adoption and man who chooses love over family.,7.0,269,101,"['Im Se Mi', 'Park Jin Woo', 'Ham Eun Jung', 'Oh  Seung Yun', 'Kim  Se Jung', 'Go Yoon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Choi Ji Yeong,"Choi Min Ki,  Kim Ji Wan"
1574,Exactly What’s Going On?,https://mydramalist.com/15808-exactly-whats-going-on,"Comedy,  Romance,  Fantasy","Age Gap [Drama Life], Secret, Hidden Identity, Becoming Young, Body Transformation, Older Woman/Younger Man, Transformation, Web Series, Nice Male Lead, Age Gap [Real Life] ","Coffee shop owner Il Woo and nail artist An Na are in a happy romantic relationship. They keep their relationship in a secret because of their age difference. Also, So Ra who has a crush on Il Woo, gets jealous of An Na and she tries to tear them apart. One day An Na’s grandmother gives An Na a card, the card is to make her wish come true. After that day she turns into a 10 years old girl, Han Na. An Na’s wish “to become young” comes true! Il Woo tries to find An Na since she disappeared suddenly. Il Woo thinks Han Na as An Na’s daughter, he takes Han Na to his house to take care of her. On the other hand, Il Woo and An Na help An Na’s grandmother to find her first love.",7.0,619,10,"['Go Eun Mi', 'Ahn Jae Hyo', 'Jo Eun Hyung', 'Kim Ha Yeon', 'Shin Yi', 'Park Kwang Seon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
1575,Do Dream,https://mydramalist.com/31898-do-dream,"Music,  Comedy,  Life,  Youth","Band, High School, Friendship, Short Length Series, Miniseries, Student Female Lead, School Setting, Best Friends' Relationship, Drummer Male Lead, Teenager Female Lead ","Jung Si Yeon is just your average high school student. Sweet and spunky, she spends her carefree days hanging out with her best friend, Yoon Hee, and crushing on the new transfer student, Sung Hyun.When she finds out Sung Hyun was a drummer in a band, she tells him she’s in a band as well, in a desperate attempt to impress him. Guilt-ridden by her hasty actions, Si Yeon quickly becomes terrified she’ll be caught in a messy lie. To make things right, Si Yeon quickly assembles a group of classmates to form an actual band. Together with Lee So Yeon, the school’s resident delinquent and musical genius, Go Yu Na, an honor student with a magical voice, Yoon Hee, and Sung Hyun, Si Yeon forms the band, “Do Dream”.When a school band contest offers a 5 million won prize, the band members agree, winning should be their number one goal. But dreams don’t come true, just because you want them to and being in a band is harder than anyone realized. Through the ups and downs of life, love and friendship, these five students are determined to do whatever it takes to make their dreams come true.(Source: Viki)",6.9,310,5,"['Kwon Chae Won', 'Joo Eun', 'Lee So Yul', 'Kim Yeong Sang', 'Heo Young Joo', 'Jung Eun Hye']",G - All Ages,vLive,Unknown,Unknown
1576,Attic Cat,https://mydramalist.com/459-attic-cat,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Cohabitation, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Love Square, Airhead Male Lead, Sassy Female Lead, One-night Stand, Strong Female Lead, Female Chases Male First, Unrequited Love ","Kyung Min, a law student, is in desperate straits, so he decides to take it upon himself to help Hye Ryun's poor friend, Jung Eun. This is the beginning of an extremely volatile friendship that somehow ends with the two of them living together under one roof, or to be more specific, living in a room on top of the roof of an old building. Kyung Min's bratty ways clashes with Jung Eun's simple living, as he steadily takes advantage of her kindness and good nature.",6.9,1532,16,"['Kim Rae Won', 'Jung Da Bin', 'Choi Jung Yoon', 'Lee Hyun Woo', 'Jang Yong', 'Kim Ja Ok']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,MBC,Kim Sa Hyun,Gu Seon Kyung
1577,The Man in the Mask,https://mydramalist.com/13676-the-man-in-the-mask,"Action,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Prosecutor Male Lead, Detective Female Lead, Melodrama ","During the day, Ha Dae Cheol is a righteous prosecutor, but at night he wears a mask and seeks to punish those that the law could not. Yoo Min Hee is a female detective in charge of the violent crime division.",6.9,1047,16,"['Kim Sun Ah', 'Joo Sang Wook', 'Uhm Ki Joon', 'Hwang Sun Hee', 'Jeon Kwang Ryul', 'Hong Seok Cheon']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Kim Yong Soo,Choi Jin Won
1578,To My Beloved,https://mydramalist.com/4591-beloved,Romance,"Married Life, Ex-Boyfriend Comes Back, Infidelity, Marriage, Adapted From A Novel ","Chan Joo is a woman trying to forget about her past by getting married. Jin Se is a man trying to start a new family by marrying Chan Joo. The two are now married to each other and go on to live ordinary lives. As time goes by, they grow bored, and long to go back to the past and try something new. This secretive longing sets their memories on fire, and they begin to seek their old lovers. They regain their identities as they get excited after meeting their old flames. Meanwhile, their marriages begin to crumble. After wasting time and effort, they eventually realize that true happiness resides in the everyday life of a typical marriage… Even though this seems somewhat disappointing, they realize that this is an undeniable truth about relationships and love between those that are married…(Source: JTBC)",6.9,386,16,"['Kim Min Joon', 'Park Sol Mi', 'Hong Jong Hyun', 'Choi Yeo Jin', 'Bae Noo Ri', 'Choi Joo Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,Jo Hyun Taek,Unknown
1579,Loving You,https://mydramalist.com/1094-loving-you-2002,Romance,"Island Setting, Farmer Male Lead, Stepbrothers' Relationship, Filmmaking, Brothers Love Same Woman, Star Crossed Lovers, Death, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Love Triangle ","Jin Da Rae is the daughter of a female diver in Jeju Island. After her father mysteriously passes away, she tries to uncover the truth about his death. One day, she coincidentally saves Hyuk from torrent waters. Hyuk works for an orange farm opposed to his father's wish that Hyuk should take over his resort development business. Da Rae and Hyuk gradually fall in love. However, their love is put to a risky test after Hyuk's half-brother also discovers his love for Da Rae. While all 3 of them get entangled in a complicated love triangle, Da Rae finds out that Hyuk is connected to her father's death.",6.9,265,12,"['Park Yong Ha', 'Eugene', 'Lee Yoo Ri', 'Lee Dong Wook', 'Park Geun Hyung', 'Sun Woo Eun Sook']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Lee Geon Joon,Kim Jong Hyun
1580,Bachelor's Vegetable Store,https://mydramalist.com/3121-bachelors-vegetable-store,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Childhood Friends' Relationship, Rich Woman/Poor Man, Nice Male Lead, Based On True Story, Friendship ","“Bachelor Vegetable Store” centers on the love lives and successes of six single young men. Han Tae Yang is a talented young man with big dreams for his tiny vegetable shop who finds himself falling in love. Tae Yang’s friend, a wealthy heir who grew up without a father, comes to work at the shop. He falls for a spoiled young heiress and complications ensue, especially when she’s drawn to Tae Yang instead.~~ Based on the true story of a young man who turned a tiny vegetable shop into a national name",6.9,2109,24,"['Ji Chang Wook', 'Wang Ji Hye', 'Kim Young Kwang', 'Park Soo Jin', 'Song Ji Hyuk', 'Sung Ha']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Channel A,Lee Joon Hyeong,Unknown
1581,Another Parting,https://mydramalist.com/9207-another-parting,"Romance,  Drama,  Sci-Fi","Miniseries, Web Series, Interspecies Romance, Revenge, Alien Male Lead, Short Length Series, Idol Female Lead, Telepathy ",The story follows a special day for a man and a woman who meet at the last moment in life.,6.9,2295,5,"['Seo In Guk', 'Wang Ji Won', 'Choi Sung Min', 'Choi Dae Hoon', 'Oh Cho Hee', 'Lee Yong Nyeo']",Not Yet Rated,DRAMAcube,Won Tae Yeon,Unknown
1582,Ghostderella,https://mydramalist.com/33143-ghostderella,"Comedy,  Drama,  Supernatural","Web Series, Hikikomori Female Lead, Ghost Male Lead, Ghost-seeing Female Lead, Ghost Supporting Character, Miniseries, Cohabitation, Weak Male Lead, Cartoonist Female Lead, Supernatural Power ","“Ghostderella” is a supernatural romance about Min Ah, a girl who confined herself to her room after gaining the ability to see ghosts when she was 18 years old, and the chaotic events that occur as a strange male ghost begins to follow her. The web drama format, which is popular among teenagers, will add fantasy materials and differentiate itself from previous dramas. It is also expected to comfort those who are feeling lonely and portray the reality of people in their 20s. (Source: soompi)",6.9,738,4,"['Lee Jong Won', 'Kim Bo Ra', 'Jung Hwi Young', 'Jin Woo Jin', 'Im Jung Bin']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1583,Mermaid Prince,https://mydramalist.com/58179-mermaid-prince,"Mystery,  Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Web Series, Tactile Agnosia, Miniseries, Misunderstanding, Eccentric Male Lead, Unrequited Love, Secret Crush, Female Rivalry, Jealousy, Hidden Identity ",It tells the romance story of a girl named Hye Ri. She goes to Gangwon Province on a graduation trip with her friends. There she meets a mysterious man Woo Hyuk who runs a guest house. She gets attracted and closer to him and decides to name him “the mermaid prince”.,6.9,2829,6,"['Moon Bin', 'Jung Shin Hye', 'Kim Hong Bin', 'Baek Jae Min', 'Park Tae In']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1584,Somebody,https://mydramalist.com/79525-finger,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Psychological,  Mature","Murder, Adapted From A Novel, Mental Illness, Autistic Female Lead, Serial Killer Male Lead, Extreme Sexual Content, Sexual Assault, Dissociative Identity Disorder, Death, Investigation ","Sum is a developer for the social-connecting app ""Somebody."" Even though she has difficulty communicating with other people, she is friends with Mok Won and Ki Eun. Her friend Ki Eun works as a detective.A murder takes place, and the app ""Somebody"" is involved in the murder case. Architectural designer Yoon O appears in front of Sum and her friends. Yoon O is an attractive man, but he seems to be hiding something. Meanwhile, Ki Eun investigates the murder case with the help of Mok Won.(Source: AsianWiki)~~ Adapted from the novel “American Psycho” by Brett Easton Ellis.~~ Release dates: Oct 6, 2022 (Festival) || Nov 18, 2022 (Netflix)",6.9,6263,8,"['Kim Young Kwang', 'Kang Hae Lim', 'Kim Yong Ji', 'Kim Su Yeon', 'Choi Yoo Ha', 'Chu Seon Woo']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),Netflix,Jung Ji Woo,Han Ji Wan
1585,Momo Salon,https://mydramalist.com/20920-momo-salon,"Comedy,  Romance","Web Series, Quirky Humour, Idol Actor, Workplace Setting, Hairdresser Female Lead, Miniseries ",An aspiring hair designer named Hye Ni and an unemployed candidate named Chang Gyoon have a chance meeting at the newly opened “Momo Salon!”,6.9,597,6,"['Park Soo Young', 'Park Jung Min', 'Lee Sang Hee', 'Yoo Ok Joo', 'Jung Jong Yul', 'Kim Yi Yeong']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Min Ye Ji
1586,In Soon is Pretty,https://mydramalist.com/1147-in-soon-is-pretty,"Romance,  Drama",Unknown,"Park In Soon accidentally killed another girl when she was in high school. After serving her time in prison, she tried to rebuild her life but was unsuccessful due to her criminal record. She was encouraged by her high school teacher but feeling down and out, In Soon decided that her life wasn't worth living and attempted to commit suicide by jumping off the train track. Just then she was stopped by Yoo Sang Woo, her childhood friend who had moved to Canada before the incident. Through a series of events, In Soon was reunited with her mother, the famous actress Lee Sun Young who abandoned her soon after her father passed away. Can In Soon finally begin a new life and find happiness? (DW)",6.9,310,16,"['Kim Min Joon', 'Kim Hyun Joo', 'Lee Wan', 'Choi Won Tae', 'Seo Hyo Rim', 'Lee In Hye']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Pyo Min Soo,Jung Yoo Kyung
1587,"Sweet Home, Sweet Honey",https://mydramalist.com/15745-sweet-home-sweet-honey,"Romance,  Drama,  Family,  Melodrama",Unknown,"Even though Oh Bom is in a difficult financial situation, she is still bright and positive. She works part-time work at a factory. Kang Ma Roo is a kind and simple young man. He is naive about the world. An Tae Ho is the section chief of a company. He is an ambitious man. He approaches Choi Ah Ran for his own gain and marries her. Choi Ah Ran is the heiress of a large company. She is smart, but has a painful past. Her younger sister went missing and her parents abandoned her.",6.9,282,129,"['Song Ji Eun', 'Lee  Jae Joon', 'Kim Min Soo', 'Seo Yi Ahn', 'Joo Ah Reum', 'Choi Dae Chul']",Not Yet Rated,KBS1,Kim Myung Wook,Kang Sung Jin
1588,The Interest of Love,https://mydramalist.com/724275-understanding-love,"Romance,  Life,  Drama,  Melodrama","Love Square, Social Disparity, Workplace Romance, Slow Burn Story, Co-workers' Relationship, Bank Setting, Workplace Setting, Cold Female Lead, Workplace Abuse, Bank Teller Female Lead ","Takes place at Nara Bank’s Yeongpo branch, which is celebrating the 99th anniversary of its foundation. The story focuses on the scandalous office romance between the characters Ha Sang Soo, Ahn Soo Young, Park Mi Kyung, and Jung Jong Hyun.Ha Sang Soo, the senior head of the comprehensive consultation team at Nara Bank’s Yeongpo branch. Ha Sang Soo has had this position for three years already, and he is a handsome, intelligent, and sturdy person who will not waver in the face of life’s difficulties. Although he is an upright character, Ha Sang Soo is not cold or too formal but rather warmhearted with a humorous side. Not to mention, he has an athletic form fit for a national athlete rather than a bank employee. He entered his job as the top employee from Nara Bank’s training center, so he is very popular but also the source of envy for many others.Ahn Soo Young is a fourth-year chief bank teller at Nara Bank’s Yeongpo branch. Known as the goddess of Yeongpo branch, she possesses gorgeous looks and a sweet voice. She started off as a part-time teller and is now a fourth-year chief, but she seems to be forever stuck at that level.Park Mi Kyung comes from a rich family. She is self-assertive and quite open about her feelings. When she has someone that she likes, she makes that person join her side no matter what. She enters a relationship that doesn't go as she wishes.Jung Jong Hyun is studying for an exam to become a police officer. He has a personality that drives him do his best in everything. He lives in a harsh situation.(Source: Naver, Soompi, Asianwiki)~~ Adapted from the novel ""Sarangui Ihae"" (사랑의 이해) by Lee Hyuk Jin (이혁진).",6.9,4540,16,"['Yoo Yeon Seok', 'Mun Ka Young', 'Geum Sae Rok', 'Jung Ga Ram', 'Moon Tae Yu', 'Oh Dong Min']",Not Yet Rated,"jTBC,  Netflix",Jo Young Min,"Lee Hyun Jung,  Lee Seo Hyun"
1589,Red Shoes,https://mydramalist.com/698837-without-blood-or-tears,"Romance,  Drama,  Family,  Melodrama","Soap Opera, Selfish Mother, Revenge, Greed, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Antihero Male Lead, Female Centered Plot, Death Of A Mother, Death Of A Father, Neurological Disorder ","A story about a heartless mother who betrayed her father and turned away from her sick younger brother for love and desire, and a daughter who dreams of revenge against such mother.(Source: Naver)",6.9,219,100,"['Choi Myung Gil', 'So Yi Hyun', 'Park  Yoon Jae', 'Jung Yoo Min', 'Shin Jung Yoon', 'Sun Woo Jae Duk']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Park Ki Hyun,Hwang Soon Young
1590,The Thousandth Man,https://mydramalist.com/4553-the-thousandth-man,"Romance,  Fantasy","Nine-tailed Fox, Fox, Interspecies Romance, Miniseries, Friendship ","A fox with nine tails has devoured the livers from 999 men. She tries to get one more man's liver, who really likes the fox with nine tails.",6.9,2130,8,"['Lee Chun Hee', 'Kang Ye Won', 'Jung Ji In', 'Hyo Min', 'Nam Woo Hyun', 'Park Jung Hak']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Kang Cheol Woo,Unknown
1591,Over the Rainbow,https://mydramalist.com/1166-over-the-rainbow-2006,"Music,  Romance,  Youth","Singer Female Lead, Singer Male Lead, Singing, Friendship, Naive Female Lead, Clingy Female Lead ","""Over the Rainbow"" is the dark and bright side of the crazy world of dancers and singers. It is a realistically captured drama with dancers that want to become singers.Kwon Hyeok Jo is a stubbon and loving aspiring dancer who falls for Jeong Hee Su who is a dancer thats aspiring to be a singer. They start there journey of stardom together. While Rex is a pretty boy with outstanding talent and is the biggest asset to Pride Ent. tries to break free from his label and do his own thing. Ma Sang Mi is a sweet but very awkward girl still trying to find her calling. This heart wrenching story of becoming and being a popular singer, with all its betrayals and constant meeting and partings. Gives us an inside look on the ups and downs to becoming a star.(Source: DramaWiki)",6.9,654,16,"['Ji Hyun Woo', 'Seo Ji Hye', 'Kim Ok Bin', 'Hwanhee', 'Jo  Sang Gu', 'Shin Hyun Tak']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,MBC,Ahn Jin Woo,Hong Jin Ah
1592,Becoming a Billionaire,https://mydramalist.com/140-becoming-a-billionaire,"Business,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Older Woman/Younger Man, Birth Secret, Rich Woman/Poor Man, Melodrama ","The drama follows the story of a man, Choi Suk Bong, who believes that he is actually the son of a rich father and heir to a chaebol group. He meets Lee Shin Mi, who is actually a chaebol heir but acts nothing like one, with her scrimping and frugal ways. Although they get off to a rocky start, with her help, he struggles towards his goal of attaining wealth.- Dramawiki",6.9,1524,20,"['Ji Hyun Woo', 'Lee Bo Young', 'Lee Si Young', 'Namkoong Min', 'Ok Go Woon', 'Shin Da Eun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Lee Jin Seo,Choi Min Ki
1593,Give Love Away,https://mydramalist.com/7933-give-love-away,"Romance,  Drama,  Family",Unknown,"A family is no longer tied to the same bloodlines alone. Many new families are being formed through remarriage. However, it is more difficult for the members of such blended families to accept each other especially when their parents are remarried later in life. This TV series talks about the true meaning of the marriage and the value of family by showing the people who dream of a new love and life in later life.(Source: MBC)",6.9,350,50,"['Lee Sang Yeob', 'Shin Da Eun', 'Seo Ji Suk', 'Hong Soo Hyun', 'Choi Soo Rin', 'Kang  Suk Woo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Ashbun,  Kim Nam Won",Choi Hyun Kyung
1594,We Are Dating Now,https://mydramalist.com/1979-we-are-dating-now,"Romance,  Life,  Drama","Bickering Mains' Relationship, Nerdy Female Lead, Secondary Couple, Smart Female Lead, Playboy Male Lead, Naive Female Lead, Secret Relationship, Older Woman/Younger Man, Enemies To Lovers, Friends To Lovers ","Ho Jung is a cute, naive girl who often falls head over heals with the wrong guys. Both Ho Jung and Kyu In, her neighbor, are idealistic about love. They start off on the wrong foot and treats each other as if they were siblings, constantly fighting. Ho Jung's friend Cha Hee has a thing for Kyu In and Ho Jung later realizes that she too has feelings for him. Ho Jae, Ho Jung's brother, is a player, who has good physical features. Things start to get complicated for HonJae when he falls for Ho Jung's friend Soo Ji, who does not have a physical appeal but has a good personality and intelligence.",6.9,417,16,"['So Ji Sub', 'Chae Rim', 'Kwon Sang Woo', 'Lee Eui Jung', 'Choi Yoon Young', 'Sun Woo Eun Sook']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Unknown,Unknown
1595,Naughty Boy,https://mydramalist.com/31621-naughty-boy,"Comedy,  Romance","Miniseries, Web Series, Short Length Series, Misunderstanding ","There are a lot of misunderstandings for a young man dedicated to his job. Tae Jung is a lingerie designer who works for a large company. In his daily research on female undergarments, he is often mistaken for a pervert.Arum is also a lingerie designer who runs her own small online company from her bedroom.With numerous run-ins and misunderstandings with each other, will Tae Jung and Arum bond over their mutual passion about women’s lingerie?(Source: Viki)",6.9,245,5,"['Ji Seung Hyun', 'Kim Ye Won', 'Go Myung Hwan', 'Navi']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Naver TV Cast,Park Dhan Hee,Unknown
1596,Blade Man,https://mydramalist.com/10686-blade-man,Unknown,"Company President (CEO) Male Lead, Anger Issues, Nice Female Lead, Overbearing CEO, Father-Son Relationship, Special Power, Boss-Employee Relationship, Secretary Male Lead, Selfless Female Lead, Controlling Parent ","Hong Bin is an arrogant man with an anger problem. He runs a game company, and the employees all fear him. He is always angry, and his sense of smell has gotten more sensitive. His secretary hasn't told him what happens during his blackouts when blades spring from his back, and he ranges destructively around the city. One day, Hong Bin goes to the hospital to see his employees who were beaten by him. There, he notices an intoxicating scent, coming from a woman named Se Dong.(Source: AsianWiki)",6.9,6356,18,"['Lee Dong Wook', 'Shin Sae Kyeong', 'Kim Gab Soo', 'Han Jung Soo', 'Jung Yoo Geun', 'Shin Seung Hwan']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Kim Yong Soo,Kim Gyoo Wan
1597,My Love Patzzi,https://mydramalist.com/1020-my-love-patzzi,Unknown,"Cardiovascular Disease, Amusement Park Setting, Sabotage, Sassy Female Lead, Miniseries, Love Triangle, Friendship ","Song Yi is a girl with a pure heart but a bad temper. She was tricked and humiliated by her ""best friend"" Hee Won as a child. From then on, Hee Won has always been the princess and successful while everyone mistook Song Yi for the evil child. When Song Yi did not have a job, Hee Won introduced her to the amusement park that she was in charge of. There she found her childhood friend and ex-crush Hyun Sung, who Hee Won had ""stolen"" when they were kids. From then on, Hee Won tried to humiliate Song Yi many times, framing her in many situations that Hee Won has created herself. To get back at Hee Won, she decided to break the train that the park was launching so that Hee Won would be blamed. Little did she know that she had caused more damage and that the train had caught on fire. What was worse was that the son of the president of the park was on the train.Ridden with guilt, Song Yi risks her own life to save the life of Seung Joon. Seung Joon fell in love with Song Yi for her brave spirit and charming attitude, but what will happen to their relationship when Hee Won exposes to the world what she has done?",6.9,1188,10,"['Jang Na Ra', 'Kim Rae Won', 'Kim Jae Won', 'Hong Eun Hee', 'Kim Gyung Shik', 'Kang Rae Yeon']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,MBC,Lee Jin Suk,Kim Yi Young
1598,Crazy Love,https://mydramalist.com/6612-crazy-love,"Romance,  Drama,  Family,  Melodrama","Orphanage Setting, Birth Secret, Second Chance, Character Development ","This drama tells the story of a woman who meets the love of her life at the most desperate time.Yoon Mi So is an orphan with an adopted family and married to Lee Min Jae. Unhappy that Yoon Mi So cannot have any more children other than daughter Hae Ram, Lee Min Jae's mother would like him to marry someone else like Lee Sun Hee. Seo Kyung Soo is an attorney working for unscrupulous Oh Tae San and is unhappily married to Oh Rae Young, Oh Tae San's daughter. One day Yoon Mi So's and Seo Kyung Soo's paths cross and change their lives as well as the lives of the people around them.",6.9,242,100,"['Park Sun Young', 'Go Se Won', 'Lee Chae Mi', 'Jang  Yoon Seo', 'Yoo Hye Ri', 'Heo Tae Hee']",Not Yet Rated,tvN,Lee Chang Han,Jung Hye Won
1599,She Is Wow!,https://mydramalist.com/6777-she-is-wow,"Comedy,  Drama","Announcer Male Lead, Married Female Lead, Actress Female Lead, Famous Male Lead, Famous Female Lead, Steamy Kiss, Multiple Couples ","A Ra leads the perfect life. She is a popular actress, has an ideal husband Jung Han, who is the most popular announcer, and a son Min Kyu. People adore them as a couple, but their life isn't as great as it appears. A Ra struggles to get cast as an actress as she gets older. Jung Han and A Ra do not respect each other or love each other.One day, their troubled son Min Kyu arrives back in Korea from America. Min Kyu got kicked out of school over there and is a troubled kid. A Ra and Jung Han worry that others may find out about Min Kyu's troubles. Making matters worse, a secret, which can destroy A Ra's perfect world, exists.",6.9,1331,12,"['Park Sung Woong', 'Oh Hyun Kyung', 'Jung Jin Young', 'Kwon Yool', 'Lee Ah Rin', 'Kim Boo Sun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Kim Chul Gyu,Unknown
1600,Oh! My Assistant,https://mydramalist.com/732279-oh-my-assistant,"Comedy,  Romance","Bisexual Male Lead, LGBTQ+, Adapted From A Webtoon, Spring Setting, Personal Assistant Male Lead, Manhua Artist Male Lead, Age Gap [Real Life], Gay Male Lead, Short Length Series, Gay Romance ","Seon Ho is an artist who draws adult webtoons. It started as an easy way to make money, but it’s caused some unexpected side effects: he hasn’t been aroused for over two years! Exhausted, he hires an assistant. It’s just that he didn’t expect him to be so cute! Mu Yeong is clean, talented, and apparently loaded, so... why does he want to work under Seon Ho?Turns out, Mu Yeong is Seon Ho’s number one fan...(Source: Mangaupdates)~~ Adapted from the webtoon “Oh! My Assistant” (오나의어시님) by Mila (밀라) and Angrymonster (앵몬).",6.9,6910,8,"['Song Seung Hyun', 'Ko Chan Bin', 'Lee Do Ha', 'Seo Min Seo']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Joo Sung Min,Jung Yoo Kyung
1601,Miss Monte-Cristo,https://mydramalist.com/680367-miss-montecristo,"Thriller,  Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Friends To Enemies, Revenge, Weak Male Lead, Inferiority Complex, Rivalry, Soap Opera, Jealousy, Love Triangle, Friendship, Moral Ambiguity ","Eun Jo, Ha Ra, and Se Rin used to be best friends when they were still young and innocent. However, their pure friendship vanished as they grew up. Ha Ra coveted Eun Jo’s lover, while Se Rin envied Eun Jo’s exceptional talent. In the end, they drove Eun Jo to death out of misplaced greed and desire.Eun Jo returns as a heartless woman to take revenge on the people whom she once thought were her true friends.(Source: Viki)~~ Adapted from the novel “The Count of Monte Cristo” by Alexandre Dumas.",6.9,383,100,"['Lee So Yeon', 'Choi Yeo Jin', 'Kyung Sung Hwan', 'Lee Sang Bo', 'Jung Seung Ho', 'Kim Mi Ra']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Park Gi Ho,Jung Hye Won
1602,Recipe for Youth,https://mydramalist.com/692035-recipe-for-youth,"Comedy,  Romance","School Setting, Actress Female Lead, Reporter Female Lead, Short Length Series, Famous Female Lead, Scandal, Playboy Male Lead, Jealousy, Miniseries, High School ","Jeon Seong Ki works as a dating coach who is a professional at creating scandals. Cha Soo Bin is an entertainment reporter who disguises herself as a rookie actress. She pretends to need help on her road to stardom but is actually looking for juicy scoops. However, the process leads to Jeon Seong Ki finding true love.(Source: Soompi)",6.9,177,10,"['Mun Ka Young', 'Kim Hee Chul', 'Han Jung Woo', 'Park Seon Im', 'Jung Kyung Ho', 'Jin Sun Mi']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1603,Nine Tailed Fox,https://mydramalist.com/671-nine-tailed-fox,"Action,  Horror,  Romance,  Fantasy","Nine-tailed Fox, Martial Arts, Secret Organization, Prophecy, Death, Interspecies Romance, Fate, Murder, Drama, Childhood Friends' Relationship ","Shi Yeon is a Nine-Tailed Fox living undercover in the human world. By day, Shi Yeon is an employee at a natural history museum. By night, she's a top-ranking woman warrior in the Nine-Tailed Fox clan, charged with preserving the delicate balance between man and fox. But her world is sent spinning when an atrocious serial murder - where the victims have had their internal organs gouged out - is uncovered. Detective Min Woo believes the murders may relate to the organ trafficking trade, and goes undercover in a seedy organ smuggling ring. But Min Woo's cover is blown, and it's only through the intervention Nine-Tailed Fox warriors, Mu Young and Shi Yeon that he's able to survive! But he's seen their true identities as Nine-Tailed Foxes, can he be allowed to live? (Source: wiki.d-addicts)",6.9,624,16,"['Kim Tae Hee', 'Jo Hyun Jae', 'Jun Jin', 'Han Ye Seul', 'Park Joon Suk', 'Uhm Tae Woong']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Kim Hyung Il,"Hwang Sung Yeon,  Lee Kyung Mi"
1604,Love (ft. Marriage and Divorce) Season 3,https://mydramalist.com/707983-love-ft-marriage-and-divorce-3,"Romance,  Life,  Drama","Multiple Mains, Multiple Couples, Friendship, Infidelity, Music, Female Centered Plot, Married Female Lead, Married Male Lead, Married Life, Conflict ","The drama is about an unimaginable misfortune faced by three attractive female characters in their 30s, 40s and 50s, and the discord between married couples seeking true love.(Source: HanCinema)",6.9,1050,16,"['Park Joo Mi', 'Kang Shin Hyo', 'Lee Ga Ryeong', 'Jeon Soo Kyung', 'Ji Young San', 'Moon Sung Ho']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,TV Chosun,Yoo Jung Joon,Im Sung Han
1605,Love (ft. Marriage and Divorce),https://mydramalist.com/71059-untitled-im-sung-han-project,"Mystery,  Romance,  Drama","Infidelity, Multiple Couples, Multiple Mains, Strong Female Lead, Student Supporting Character, School Setting, Co-workers' Relationship, Workplace Setting, Writer Female Lead, Professor Male Lead ","Three vibrant and successful women who work on a radio show have something in common: a happy marriage.   Bubbly host Boo Hye Ryung is in her thirties and has been married to the handsome lawyer Pan Sa Hyun for three years. This busy couple remains child-free by choice. Sa Huyn was first taken with her after seeing her play the drums. Sa Pi Young is a hard-working producer for the show. In her forties, she has always done her best to take care of her home, daughter, and her charming husband, Shin Yoo Shin, psychiatrist and hospital director of the neuropsychiatry department.  By anyone's measure, Pi Young is the ideal wife. The show’s dedicated writer Lee Si Eun, now in her fifties, has been married for thirty years to her sweet professor husband, and they share two pre-teens. Park Hae Ryoon is now the dean of the Theatre and Film Department at  Sun Jin University. Lee Si Eun made many sacrifices in order to support her husband's dream of becoming a film professor early in their marriage. Seo Ban, the show's sound technician, is single, a man of few words who keeps a tight lid on his private life. He is a man of mystery to his curious colleagues.Three equally successful women will prove to be the unraveling of each of their so-called 'happy marriages.' Song Won is divorced, a skilled literary translator of Chinese, and lawyer Sa Hyun's mature gym partner. A Mi is single in her twenties and has spent the last two years shuttling between South Korea and the US in order to complete her studies. A shared airplane seat and a love of horses bring her and the doctor together. Add into the mix Yoo Shin's unusual relationship with his father's new wife, a classy, well-kept woman who raised him from childhood.Dean Hae Ryoon hires the beloved actress Nam Ga Bin, whose career he has followed, to teach at the university, bringing the two in welcomed routine contact.   Mistresses aside, each couple has an Achilles heel that brings about much unhappiness, could trigger divorce proceedings, and leave them all wondering just how much happiness are we entitled to in life?   (Source: LGC at MyDramaList)",6.9,2886,16,"['Sung Hoon', 'Lee Ga Ryeong', 'Lee Tae Gon', 'Park Joo Mi', 'Jeon Soo Kyung', 'Jeon Noh Min']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Netflix,  TV Chosun",Yoo Jung Joon,Im Sung Han
1606,Snow White,https://mydramalist.com/1913-snow-white,"Comedy,  Romance","Older Woman/Younger Man, Unrequited Love ","Ma Young Hee has been in love with her best friend Han Jin Woo since the first time they met in high school. Han Jin Woo, on the other hand, does not see Young Hee's love for him and blindly goes out with other girls in front of her. On a trip to Japan, Young Hee meets a young man on the street who takes her back to his apartment since she is drunk. Young Hee accuses this man of raping her even though he didn't, but before she can rightfully press charges, he runs away as the government officials of Japan chase him down for an expired visa. Upon returning to Korea, Jin Woo stops by her apartment and introduces his younger brother, Han Sun Woo who just happens to be the young man she met in Japan. Jin Woo asks if Sun Woo may stay at her place, and Young Hee accepts out of love for Jin Woo. The story unfolds as a sudden high school classmate of Young Hee, Jang Hee Won, begins to court Jin Woo.",6.9,1020,16,"['Kim Jung Hwa', 'Yeon Jung Hoon', 'Lee Wan', 'Oh Seung Hyun', 'Jo Yoon Hee', 'Lee Young Ha']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Lee Jae Sang,"Lee Sun Young,  Gu Seon Kyung"
1607,Sweet Munchies,https://mydramalist.com/33431-midnight-snack-men-women,"Food,  Comedy,  Romance,  Life","Pretends To Be Gay, Love Triangle, LGBTQ+, Closeted, Oblivious Male Lead, Unrequited Love, Restaurant Setting, Producer Female Lead, Fashion Designer Male Lead, Restaurateur Male Lead ","Park Jin Sung runs an odd little late-night restaurant where customers only choose which drinks they want and their appetizers are chosen by Park, who customizes the dishes to match their drinks. His goal is to provide diners with warmth and comfort through delicious food and excellent customer service. Seeing customers enjoy their food also gives him a great measure of happiness. At the urging of one of his regular customers, Park becomes the host of a new variety show called Midnight Snack Couple, which shoots him to popularity and fame.Regular customer Kim Ah Jin is a passionate PD. She usually has a smile on her face and always looks on the bright side. Her optimism is only matched by her love of food and drinking. After working hard as a crew member in production teams for many years, she finally gets her break as a PD when she convinces Park Jin Sung to become the host of her TV show.Kang Tae Wan is a successful fashion designer. He hosts his own fashion TV program and comes to know Park Jin Sung and Kim Ah Jin when he’s brought onto the Midnight Snack Couple variety show as a stylist for Park. As the three work together, they eventually become involved in an atypical love triangle.(Source: Dramabeans)",6.9,1848,12,"['Jung Il Woo', 'Kang Ji Young', 'Lee Hak Joo', 'Gong Min Jung', 'Park Sung Joon', 'Yang Dae Hyuk']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"jTBC,  Viki",Song Ji Won,Park Seung Hye
1608,90 Days of Love,https://mydramalist.com/788-90-days-of-love,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Star Crossed Lovers, Taboo, Forbidden Love, Failing Marriage, Social Issues, Tearjerker, Infidelity, Terminal Illness, Nice Male Lead, Incest ","A fate that surpasses taboo, a love that surpasses morality... Hyun Ji Seok is at the peak of his life at thirty-one year old as he is fated to leave this earth in three short months. He is married to Park Jung Ran, but it's not her who is his true love. The one and only thing this man wishes for is to find his one true love and spend the remaining 90 days that he has left with her. Hyun Ji Seok was fated to meet Mi Yeon, but their hearts were destined to be broken in the end. Through an unexpected turn of events, Mi Yeon turns out to be his first cousin. They are now desperately pleading for 90 days in which to love each other for the last time on earth. Will their love be able to overcome the harsh realities of society? (Source: DramaWiki)",6.9,367,16,"['Kang Ji Hwan', 'Kim Ha Neul', 'Yoon Hyun Sook', 'Ha Jae Young', 'Choi Sung Ho', 'Kim Hyung Beom']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Oh Jong Rok,Unknown
1609,7th Grade Civil Servant,https://mydramalist.com/5463-7th-grade-civil-servant,"Action,  Comedy,  Romance,  Crime","Spy Female Lead, Spy Male Lead, National Intelligence Service, Rivals To Lovers, Second Chance, Espionage, Rich Male Lead ","Two wannabe spies break up when one of them gets fired. Years later, both end up being spies working for different units, so they have to keep their covers up in real life. Gil Ro uses his real identity, hence why he was seemingly fired, to spy on his rich father. So, when Kim Seo Won appears as a new employee, he wonders if she really is just a doppelganger of the woman he loved.(Source: MyDramaList)",6.9,4820,20,"['Joo Won', 'Choi Kang Hee', 'Kim Min Seo', 'Hwang Chan Sung', 'Noh Young Hak', 'Choi Jong Hwan']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Oh Hyun Jong,  Kim Sang Hyub",Chun Sung Il
1610,Salamander Guru and the Gang,https://mydramalist.com/3452-salamander-guru-and-the-gang,"Comedy,  Drama,  Sitcom","Social Anxiety Disorder, Hacker Male Lead, Mental Illness, Miniseries, Phobia ","Genius hacker with social phobia Min Hyuk, whose father is a computer genius, played with a computer like a toy from when he was little. He grew up learning hacking skills through his dad who was terminally ill and ran an illegal gambling place for his family’s future. After his dad passed away, Min Hyuk was adopted abroad. He immersed himself in playing with computer and got social phobia. When he turns 20, he returns to Korea and starts chasing the guy X who drove his dad to death. Following clues from his memories, he finds Salamander Guru’s fortune telling house and meets Sun Dal and Won Sam. To find Salamander Guru who knows the secrets of X, Min Hyuk has no choice but to help the fake gurus. With his brain and excellent hacking skills, Min Hyuk controls Sun Dal behind a mirror and finds codes his dad left by recalling his childhood memories one by one. Min Hyuk, who has been secretive with social phobia, gradually becomes more open while living with Sun Dal and Won Sam.--KoreanDramaOrg",6.9,1198,10,"['Oh Dal Soo', 'Im Won Hee', 'Choi Min Ho', 'Lee Byung Joon', 'Ryu Hyun Kyung', 'Kim Gyu Seon']",G - All Ages,SBS,Unknown,Seo Eun Jung
1611,Lover of the Palace,https://mydramalist.com/56937-lovers-at-the-palace,"Comedy,  Romance","Web Series, Shy Male Lead, Miniseries, Past And Present, School Bullying, Childhood Friends' Relationship, Short Length Series, Anxiety, Sisters' Relationship, Performance Anxiety ","Working as a tour guide at Deoksugung Palace, Bo Ram has settled quite comfortably into her life. With good friends and a job she enjoys, Bo Ram has everything she needs to be happy. With absolutely no need to go looking for anything more in life, Bo Ram is caught completely off-guard, the day she meets Dong Gil.A childhood friend and former classmate, Dong Gil had been one of Bo Ram‘s best friends growing up. A friend who was there whenever she needed him, and she for him, Bo Ram had treasured their friendship. But as time passed, they faded out of each other’s lives. Now nothing more than a happy memory, Dong Gil was the last person Bo Ram ever expected to meet again. And yet, there he was.A performer at the Palace, Dong Gil is back in Bo Ram’s life, and this time he seems interested in being more than just friends.(Source: Viki)",6.9,312,10,"['Shin  Won Ho', 'Han Bo Reum', 'Jeon Jae Yeong', 'Lee Ga Yeon', 'Baek Soo Min', 'Hong Geun Taek']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1612,Witch Yoo Hee,https://mydramalist.com/128-witch-yoo-hee,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Older Woman/Younger Man, Boss-Employee Relationship, Ex-couple Relationship, Housekeeper Male Lead, Chef Male Lead, Company President (CEO) Female Lead, Ex-lover Comes Back, Absent Parents, Career Oriented Female Lead, Cold Female Lead ","As the director of her father's advertising company, Ma Yoo Hee is known as a witch for her ruthless, no nonsense character. After a string of failed attempts to hire a housekeeper, she (literally) runs into Chae Moo Ryong, ex-medical student turned aspiring chef. As a way to work off his debt for crashing into her car, he agrees to become her housekeeper and personal love affairs coach for one month. Gladly, he gives her a makeover that attracts both her old friend Johnny Kruger and her first love Joon Ha. Despite having a girlfriend, Sung Mi, Moo Ryong eventually finds himself falling for Yoo Hee.",6.9,3896,16,"['Han Ga In', 'Jae Hee', 'Kim Jeong Hoon', 'Jeon Hye Bin', 'Byun Hee Bong', 'Kang  San']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Jeon Ki Sang,Unknown
1613,Will It Snow for Christmas?,https://mydramalist.com/200-will-it-snow-for-christmas,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Family Pressure, Misunderstanding, Family Secret, Hidden Past, Sacrifice Happiness, Forbidden Love, Death, Character Development, First Love, Selfish Mother ","Cha Kang Jin is the son of barmaid, Cha Chun Hee. His life is difficult as he gets into fights and has to watch other people push his mother around yet he can't do anything to stop it. He met Han Ji Wan when they were teens but they weren't able to continue their relationship as Ji Wan ran away. He meets Ji Wan 8 years later, when he's attending her engagement ceremony to Park Tae Joon. However, he is heartbroken as Ji Wan pretends to not remember him at all.",6.9,2062,16,"['Go Soo', 'Han Ye Seul', 'Song Jong Ho', 'Sun Woo Sun', 'Jo Min Soo', 'Kim Kwang Min']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Choi Moon Seok,Lee Kyung Hee
1614,Time Slip Dr. Jin,https://mydramalist.com/3686-time-slip-dr.-jin,"Historical,  Romance,  Medical,  Fantasy","Historical Fiction, Joseon Dynasty, Adapted From A Manga, Time Travel ","Jin Hyuk is a genius neurosurgeon with a cold and severe attitude in his interactions with other people due to his personal pursuit of perfection. Through a mysterious power, Jin Hyuk finds himself transported back to the year 1860, during the Joseon Dynasty. He begins treating people there, but the lack of necessary implements and rudimentary medical knowledge of the period forces him to seek new ways to aid the sick. Through this challenging process, Jin Hyuk eventually becomes a genuine doctor.",6.8,4067,22,"['Lee Bum Soo', 'Park Min Young', 'Song Seung Heon', 'Kim Jae Joong', 'Lee So Yeon', 'Kim Myung Soo']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,MBC,"Oh Hyun Jong,  Han Hee","Han Ji Hoon,  Jun Hyun Jin"
1615,Dream High Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/1701-dream-high-2,"Music,  Comedy,  Romance,  Youth","High School, Student Supporting Character, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Bickering Mains' Relationship, Singer Female Lead, Singer Male Lead, Teenager Supporting Character, Teenager Female Lead ","In the second season, the high school goes into financial bankruptcy and is taken over by Oz Entertainment. The company transfers its young idols-in-training to satisfy a new law that requires underage entertainers to receive twenty hours per week of education and prohibits working past ten in the evening. As the idol-in-training teens clash with the current students, rivalries erupt as well as secret crushes and unexpected alliances. Shin Hae Sung dreams of a career in music, although she only knows it through books rather than actually performing it. Jin Yoo Jin, a former child star, flouts school rules and is constantly getting into trouble in his quest to become a hard-core rock star. He also butts heads with JB, a member of the famous group I:dn. JB’s ex-girlfriend Rian—who is a member of the famous K-pop group Hershe—wants him back, but he starts to develop a crush on Hae Sung. Nanahas what it takes to become a top vocalist. Who can achieve the ultimate stardom?(Source: Viki)",6.9,19054,16,"['Kang So Ra', 'Jung Jin Woon', 'Park Ji Yeon', 'Jay B', 'Hyolyn', 'Park Seo Joon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Mo Wan Il,  Lee Eung Bok",Heo Sung Hye
1616,Melody of Love,https://mydramalist.com/8206-melody-of-love,"Music,  Romance,  Drama,  Family",Unknown,People in their twenties are still young and immature in terms of their career or love life. It’s the transition period from the adolescence to the adulthood. People in their twenties mature as adult through emotional chaos and most of them are under the quest of finding love. Story of young adults who are full of passion for love and their dreams sympathizes with the viewers.,6.9,431,151,"['Baek Sung Hyun', 'Kwak Hee Sung', 'Kim Da Som', 'Kim Hyung Jun', 'Hwang Sun Hee', 'Shin Bi']",Not Yet Rated,KBS1,Lee Duk Gun,Hong Young Hee
1617,The Empress,https://mydramalist.com/2973-the-empress,"Romance,  Drama","Host/Hostess Club Setting, Hostess Female Lead, Revenge, Adapted From A Manga ","Seo In Hwa is a college student studying painting at a prestigious university. In Hwa wants to live her life differently from her mother who ran a hostess bar, but she is trampled over by power and money. Because of this, In Hwa becomes a hostess in a drinking establishment. She overcomes hardships to become the best in her field. In Hwa then seeks revenge on the men in power who destroyed her life and let her mother die...",6.8,320,13,"['Jang Shin Young', 'Jeon Se Hyun', 'Kang Ji Sub', 'Choi Phillip', 'Jung Kyung Soon', 'Myung Gye Nam']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,E-Channel,Choi Do Hoon,Unknown
1618,Behind Cut,https://mydramalist.com/716263-behind-cut,Romance,"Gay Romance, LGBTQ+, Modeling, Miniseries, Nice Male Lead, Fast Paced Romance, Unrequited Love, Love Triangle, Fashion Designer Male Lead, Model Supporting Character ","Ki Jin is a budding fashion design student who dreams big: He wants to become a world-famous clothing designer. But the journey to the top of South Korea’s fashion tree is not an easy one, and he is struggling to find the right path. One day, on the street, he bumps into Yeong Woo, an ever-optimistic part-time delivery worker. Even though it seems everyone he knows has formulated a grand plan about how their future will unfurl, Yeong Woo doesn’t have a dream. While all others are in a rush to get somewhere in life, it seems that his own life is stuck in first gear.Although things have got off to a decidedly shaky start for Ki Jin and Yeong Woo, they start to develop a fondness for one another, and start to wonder if their seemingly opposing blend of determinedness and acceptance could be a case of “opposites attract.” But when a leading model named Lee Bin arrives on the scene, things get complicated. He starts to develop a crush on Ki Jin. Could this development spell the end for the fledgling romance between Ki Jin and Yeong Woo?(Source: Viki)",6.8,6995,8,"['Bum Jun', 'Eom Se Ung', 'Choo Suk Young', 'Kim Won Shik', 'Moon Bo Ryung', 'Ho Jin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Han Woo Im,Unknown
1619,Star Struck,https://mydramalist.com/706227-star-struck,"Romance,  Youth","Jealous Male Lead, Possessive Male Lead, Gay Male Lead, Gay Romance, Friendship, High School To College, Poor Male Lead, Best Friends' Relationship, LGBTQ+, Miniseries ","When love is kept for a long time...will that feeling blossom?Seo Han Joon has been in love with his childhood friend, Jo Yoo Jae, for a long time. He knew his feelings wouldn’t be reciprocated, and it didn’t matter because he never even dreamed of confessing to him. But this time, he wanted to express his love...(Source: blupdate2020 at Twitter; edited by Khai at MyDramaList)~~ Adapted from the novel ""Star Struck"" (스타스트럭) by Ha Tae Jin (하태진).",6.8,4256,8,"['Zuho', 'Kim In Sung', 'Park Tae In', 'Chae Soo Ah', 'Kim Yu Bin', 'Lee Sang Min']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,"Park Sun Jae,  Kim Hoon Gwang",Jung Hyun Woo
1620,Single Dad In Love,https://mydramalist.com/1189-single-dad-in-love,"Romance,  Family,  Melodrama","Cold Male Lead, Single Father, Older Man/Younger Woman, Father-Son Relationship, Cold Man/Warm Woman ","The love story of a single dad, Kang Poong Ho, who raises his 7-year-old son alone after being abandoned by his first love, Yoon So Yi. By day he works as a pest exterminator and by night he is a martial artist. Jeon Ha Ri, is a medical student from a wealthy family who falls for Poong Ho. She secretly teaches Poong Ho's son, San, how to play the piano. Poong Ho's first love is also his son's mother who is a cold and proud woman who left her family to study abroad as a pianist. She was sponsored by Jeon Ki Suk who happens to be her fiancee and Ha Ri's father.(Source: DramaWiki)",6.8,380,16,"['Heo Yi Jae', 'Oh Ji Ho', 'Kang Sung Yun', 'Jung Jae Soon', 'Ahn Do Kyu', 'Shin Dong']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Moon Bo Hyun,Oh Sang Hee
1621,Poseidon,https://mydramalist.com/1797-poseidon,"Action,  Military,  Mystery,  Romance","Coastguard Male Lead, Workplace Setting, Workplace Romance, Slight Romance, Teamwork, Cohabitation, Tragic Past, Investigation, Drama ","This drama is the story of the members life savers of the coast guard.The drama is based on the special duties of the Korean Coast Guard officers (rescues, terrorism threats, and other special missions) and also their obstacle in life and love. The drama takes its name from the Poseidon Team, a special forces unit of the Marines.Using the strong bonds of humanity as a basis, and through the challenges faced by the protagonists and their spirit of self-sacrifice, the drama movingly shows the significance of life and the stories of how people overcome obstacles in life.",6.8,1755,16,"['Lee Sung Jae', 'Lee Si Young', 'Choi Si Won', 'Gil Yong Woo', 'Han Jung Soo', 'Jung Woon Taek']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Yoo Chul Yong,Jo Gyoo Won
1622,Flames of Desire,https://mydramalist.com/531-flames-of-desire,"Romance,  Drama","Dark Fiction, Adopted Female Lead, Star Crossed Lovers, Successful Female Lead, Selfish Mother, Greed, Soap Opera, Past And Present, Jealousy, Marriage Of Convenience ","The story of a conglomerate family that falls apart when the members are caught up in a furious battle for succession. Kim Tae Jin's children all covet his fortune and the power that he possesses as the company president, and they would do anything, however cruel and inhumane, to wrest it from the others. At the forefront of this desperate game is Yoon Na Young, the ruthless and ambitious wife of Kim Young Min, Tae Jin's third son. Her unquenchable thirst for power and wealth drove her to the point of no return, manipulating both husband and son to achieve her own desires.",6.8,509,50,"['Jo  Min Ki', 'Shin Eun Kyung', 'Seo Woo', 'Yoo Seung Ho', 'Lee Hyo Choon', 'Son Eun Seo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Baek Ho Min,Jung Ha Yeon
1623,Romance Zero,https://mydramalist.com/710-romance-zero,"Comedy,  Romance",Unknown,"Kim Woo Jin was the top couple manager at a matchmaking company until he makes a mistake one day that sees him reassigned to lead Team Zero, a group of people who have had little success in matchmaking couples. In order to keep their jobs, they try their best to find romance for their clients, but their own love lives are also sadly lacking.",6.8,231,16,"['Lee Tae Sung', 'Lee Da In', 'Jay Kim', 'Kang In', 'Park Hee Jin', 'Lee Kyung Eun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Noh Jong Chan,Unknown
1624,Kissable Lips,https://mydramalist.com/709085-i-wanna-bite-it,"Romance,  Youth,  Supernatural","Gay Romance, LGBTQ+, Miniseries, Gay Male Lead, Short Length Series, Web Series, Student Male Lead, Vampire Male Lead, Fast Paced Romance, University ","A sweet and bloody campus romance between Jun Ho, a vampire who is walking the path of extinction, and Min Hyun, a human with pure blood.Jun Ho is a vampire who is about to die. To survive, he will need to drink pure blood and thus become a human. One day, while searching for this pure blood, he meets Min Hyun, a human with pure blood. But another vampire named Hae Soo, who knows about Jun Ho's past traumas, causes Min Hyun and Jun Ho to fall out.Living a normal life as a human and protecting Min Hyun, what will Jun Ho have to face?(Source: BLUPDATE2022 on Twitter, boyslovetv on Instagram)",6.8,14311,8,"['Kim Ji Woong', 'Yoon Seo Bin', 'Moon Ji Hoo', 'Go Hye Ran', 'Lee Seung Bin', 'Yang Seung Bin']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Unknown,Yang Kyung Hee,Lee Yeon Joo
1625,Discipline,https://mydramalist.com/33334-discipline,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Miniseries, Web Series, LGBTQ+, Coming Out, Modeling, Tattoo, Abusive Parents, Best Friends' Relationship, Gay Male Lead, Gay Supporting Character ","A neighborhood in Korea that is nothing out of the ordinary: a truly tranquil small town. In this town, Tae Woo and his best friends do all kinds of things, good and bad. The five of them decide to go to a party hosted by a group of delinquents from the notorious Samdeok High School in an abandoned basement parking lot. They went thinking they would have the time of their lives little did they know of the dangers that were to come.",6.8,1302,6,"['Yoon Tae Woo', 'Kim Seung Hwa', 'Choi Tae Yi', 'Oh Dong Joon', 'Lee Won Jun', 'Nam Ji Wook']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Han Jae Woon,Unknown
1626,Unemployed Romance,https://mydramalist.com/7908-unemployed-romance,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Youth","Love Triangle, Misunderstanding, Second Chance, Love/Hate Relationship, Miniseries, School Setting, University, Student ","""Unemployed Romance"" is about the reunion between Seung Hee and her first love Jong Dae.  Seung Hee, who dreams of being a star writer but is only a salary writer for a third-class program, and Jong Dae, a temporary public worker in the department of unemployment benefits.",6.8,1732,10,"['Lee Young Ah', 'Namkoong Min', 'Seo Joon Young', 'Bae Seul Gi', 'Jung Seung Ah', 'Kwon Ki Sun']",Not Yet Rated,E-Channel,Choi Do Hoon,Unknown
1627,Number Six,https://mydramalist.com/31778-number-six,"Romance,  Melodrama","Miniseries, Childhood Friends' Relationship, Short Length Series, Nice Female Lead, Poor Female Lead, Misunderstanding, Web Series, Multiple Couples, Nice Male Lead, Poor Male Lead ","Won Tak, Min Joo, Eun Kyung, Chang Kyung, Se Joon, and Se Ra were the best of friends. Inseparable from childhood, they did everything together, sharing every moment of their lives up until the moment they all left for college. Best friends for life, there was nothing this group kept from each other. Or so they thought.Ten years later, the secrets they kept harbored in their hearts come to light, revealing a tangled web of complicated emotions, first loves, and profound friendship. It doesn’t take long to realize even the closest of friends can hide some pretty big secrets.(Source: Viki)",6.8,507,8,"['Lee Min Hyuk', 'Baek Seo Yi', 'Bae Woo Hee', 'Kwon Young Min', 'Kang Yul', 'Han So Eun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS1,Park Sun Jae,Unknown
1628,My Lovely Girl,https://mydramalist.com/10846-my-lovely-girl,"Music,  Romance,  Drama","Older Man/Younger Woman, Composer Male Lead, Record Producer Female Lead, Record Producer Male Lead, Age Gap [Drama Life], Age Gap [Real Life], Chasing A Dream, Music Industry, Entertainment Industry, Forbidden Love ","Lee Hyun Wook is the composer and producer of an entertainment company. After losing his girlfriend in an accident, he then meets and falls in love with his girlfriend's younger sister, Yoon Se Na, who dreams of becoming a music producer.",6.8,9591,16,"['Rain', 'Krystal Jung', 'Kim Myung Soo', 'Cha Ye Ryun', 'Lee Ho Won', 'Kim Gi Bang']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Park Hyung Ki,Noh Ji Sul
1629,Love Cells Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/15065-love-cells-2,"Comedy,  Romance,  Fantasy","Short Length Series, Cheerful Female Lead, Airhead Female Lead, Costume, Special Power, Calm Male Lead, Web Series, Nice Male Lead, Friendship ","In this bitter-sweet love story, Ne Bi acts as a navigator of the love relationship. She leads the way for the main characters to piece their long-lost memories of love together.",6.8,1322,12,"['Kim Yoo Jung', 'Im Seul Ong', 'Jo Bo Ah', 'Choi Young Min', 'Park Eun Ji', 'Im Hyung Joon']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,"Naver TV Cast,  Viki",Unknown,Unknown
1630,Let's Go to The Beach,https://mydramalist.com/2287-lets-go-to-the-beach,"Comedy,  Romance","Summer Setting, Friendship ","Yoon So Ra: She is the owner of Sora Motel on the east coast, and has an insatiable desire for food. She is a helpless klutz, but she dreams of becoming a dolphin trainer somedady.Jang Tae Poong: He openly admits that he has no brains, but he is a bold fellow who always gets into trouble. He is deeply loyal to his friends and very protective of the person he loves. One day, he meets a country girl who is full of curiosity.Jang Tae Hyeon: He has excellent decision-making skills and a sharp wit. Moreover, he has a strong work ethic. All in all, he is the perfect man. He dates a woman with the right background to help him along the way in his ambitious career but somehow he falls in love with a rather unconventional girl.Min Joo Hee: She's pretty and too smart for her own good, which makes her an annoying person. She stays close friends with both Tae Hyeon and Tae Poong, but she eventually finds true love.",6.8,269,14,"['Lee Wan', 'Lee Chung Ah', 'Jun Jin', 'Kang Jung Hwa', 'Park Joon Suk', 'Go Eun Chae']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Lee Seung Ryul,"Jo Yoon Young,  Moon Hee Jung"
1631,Advertising Genius Lee Tae Baek,https://mydramalist.com/5984-advertising-genius-lee-tae-baek,"Business,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Marketing Industry, Workplace Setting, Marketing, Advertising, Underdog, Art, Melodrama ","Jin Gu, as the Art Director prodigy Lee Tae-baek, will portray the rise of the ‘loser’ with no credentials to the top of the industry.Park Ha-sun will portray the role of the intern copywriter Baek Ji-yoon of the Geumsan Ad, the industry leader in Advertising. A passionate and earnest woman, she will lead the drama as the leading lady and the love interest of Jin Gu.Han Chae-young, as the Account Executive of the Geumsan Ad Go Ah-ri, is a chic and alluring woman of success on the outside, but a cold realist who abandoned her love and past to seek her dream on the inside.A producer of the drama commented that “the title’s ‘Genius’ does not mean talent, but rather the passion of the work enabling people to be the ‘Genius’ of the work. We plan the drama to be a drama depicting people’s challenge towards their dreams, their struggles, and a cheer towards our viewers’ efforts to their own dreams as well.”",6.8,1350,16,"['Jin Goo', 'Park Ha Sun', 'Jo Hyun Jae', 'Han Chae Young', 'Lee Jung Gil', 'Jo A Young']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,"Park Gi Ho,  Lee So Yeon",Seol Joon Seok
1632,A Thousand Kisses,https://mydramalist.com/2699-a-thousand-kisses,"Romance,  Drama,  Family","Age Gap [Drama Life], Age Gap [Real Life], Older Man/Younger Woman, Older Woman/Younger Man, Multiple Couples ","A drama that deals with the age differences in relationships. Woo Joo Young and Jang Woo Bin explore the older woman-younger man relationship whereas Jang Woo Jin and Joo Young's younger sister, Joo Mi, deal with the huge age gap between them. (source:dramabeans)",6.8,1513,50,"['Seo Young Hee', 'Ji Hyun Woo', 'Kim So Eun', 'Ryu Jin', 'Gu Seung Hyun', 'Shim Hyung Tak']",G - All Ages,MBC,"Oh Hyun Jong,  Yoon Jae Moon",Park Jung Ran
1633,Orange Marmalade,https://mydramalist.com/13322-orange-marmalade,"Historical,  Romance,  Drama,  Supernatural","Interspecies Romance, Music, High School, First Love, Adapted From A Webtoon, Love Triangle, Flashback To Past, Male Chases Female First, Hidden Identity, Youth ","Set in a fantasy world where humans and vampires coexist, the latter have evolved and no longer rely on human blood as food. Still, they are feared and discriminated against by society, causing many of them to hide their true nature and live as ""normal"" citizens, or else become outcasts.Baek Ma Ri is a socially withdrawn teenage girl hiding her vampire identity. Driven away from several neighborhoods, she is eager to settle down in her new city and live quietly. But things change when she falls in love with Jung Jae Min, the most popular boy at her high school.",6.8,15087,12,"['Kim Seol Hyun', 'Yeo Jin Goo', 'Lee  Jong Hyun', 'Gil Eun Hye', 'Song Jong Ho', 'Lee Il Hwa']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,"Lee Hyung Min,  Choi Sung Bum",Unknown
1634,A Tale of Two Sisters,https://mydramalist.com/6718-a-tale-of-two-sisters-2013,"Romance,  Drama,  Family","Sisters' Relationship, Secondary Couple, Soap Opera, Birth Secret, Love Square, Rags To Riches, Rich Male Lead, Unrequited Love ","Choi Seyoung is the adopted daughter of Choi Jin Sa  and dreams of becoming an announcer like her idol Kim Ju Hui. Her oldest sister, Choi Il Young, is a writer at a broadcasting company and has been trying to get her a job in her company.  Kim Ju Hui lost her child years back and adopted Lee Ye Rin from an orphanage. Lee Ye Rin adores and is very possessive of her mother and aims to become an announcer like her. An Jeong Hyo was Lee Ye Rin's friend in the orphanage and likes her and although he might not always like her activities nevertheless supports her. But Lee Ye Rin has long been crushing on Han Jae Sung , who is a producer in the broadcasting company. Kim Ju Hui starts to look for her lost lost daughter and changes the courses of all these 4 people.",6.8,229,135,"['Yoo Geon', 'Park Jae Jung', 'Lee Hae In', 'Park Se Young', 'Hong Jin Hee', 'Yoon Chae Yi']",Not Yet Rated,KBS1,Kim Myung Wook,Kim Hyeon Hee
1635,Can't Lose,https://mydramalist.com/2901-cant-lose,"Comedy,  Law,  Romance,  Life","Married Female Lead, Married Male Lead, Lovers To Enemies, Love/Hate Relationship ","Eun Jae and Hyung Woo are both highly competent lawyers who met and fell in love at first sight without knowing each other's occupations, but are now in the midst of their divorce proceedings. Their relationship was initially sweet and loving, but their marriage slowly began to crack under their constant fights",6.8,844,18,"['Yoon Sang Hyun', 'Choi Ji Woo', 'Ha Seok Jin', 'Uhm Ki Joon', 'Kim Jin Woo', 'Ga Deuk Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Unknown,Unknown
1636,Ocean Likes Me,https://mydramalist.com/717537-ocean-like-me,"Food,  Romance,  Drama","Chef Male Lead, Gay Male Lead, Gay Romance, LGBTQ+, Miniseries, Entrepreneur Male Lead, Short Length Series, Shy Male Lead, Musician Male Lead, Web Series ","'Ocean Likes Me' is a healing food romance between Han Ba Da, a young entrepreneur who dreams of starting an udon restaurant with a beach in the background but finds serving customers difficult. Ba Da then meets Tommy, a failed musician who returns to his hometown after wandering and has a new dream. Together, both of them step towards their dreams.(Source: Naver and blupdate2020)",6.8,5419,8,"['Holland', 'Han Gi Chan', 'Han Seo Ul', 'Song Tae Yoon', 'Bum Jun', 'Ho Jin']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Unknown,Lee Su Ji,Team Wol Pi Dong
1637,Momin's Room,https://mydramalist.com/21270-momins-room,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Family","Unrequited Love, Older Woman/Younger Man, Short Length Series, Highlight, Miniseries, Web Series, Friendship ","'Momin's Room' will talk about how today's youth deals with love, friendship, and family while weaving in informational content about copyright. The main character is 23-year-old Momin, who moves from Jeju Island to Seoul and builds lasting friendships.",6.8,306,7,"['Lee Gi Kwang', 'Jang Hee Ryung', 'Lee Hyun Joo', 'Baek Sung Hyun', 'Yoon Jung Il', 'Choi Ji Hun']",Not Yet Rated,OCN,Unknown,Unknown
1638,The Blue Sea,https://mydramalist.com/25993-the-blue-sea,"Action,  Comedy,  Romance","Police Department Setting, Lieutenant Male Lead, Soldier Female Lead, Short Length Series, Miniseries, Friends To Lovers, Web Series, Amnesia, Friendship ","""The blue sea"" is an action drama that tells the story of a mysterious young man who lost his memory. Jo Eun Hee is a female soldier in the navy who works with Sung Ki Soo to carry out special missions under UDU (Underwater Demolitions Unit) Sung Ki Soo is a navy lieutenant who is also a professor at the non-commissioned officer department who is the first to see through the identity of the young man who lost is memory.",6.8,211,5,"['Jung Ye In', 'Jung Tae Ri', 'Yoon Jin', 'Jo Ki Sung', 'Kim Min Shik']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Hwang  Gyung Sung,Unknown
1639,Get Karl! Oh Soo Jung,https://mydramalist.com/759-get-karl-oh-soo-jung,"Comedy,  Romance",Unknown,"Go Man Soo is a world known golf player who was dumped by a former beauty queen, Oh Soo Jung, seven years ago. Their fate becomes reversed when Oh Soo Jung who is now known as an old maid comes chasing after Man Soo who is now a 'golden bachelor' with good looks and money.",6.8,826,16,"['Park Da An', 'Uhm Jung Hwa', 'Oh Ji Ho', 'Kang Sung Jin', 'Park Soo Jin', 'Kim Dong Gyun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Park Hyung Ki,Park Hye Ryun
1640,Passionate Love,https://mydramalist.com/7896-passionate-love,"Business,  Romance,  Family,  Melodrama","Star Crossed Lovers, Soap Opera, Drama ","Kang Moo Yeol is a third-generation chaebol who has the both the looks and wealth, seems to have it all on the outside, but grows up with family issues and pain from the loss of his past love Han Yoo Rim. Meanwhile, Han Yoo Jung is a diligent and bright, and very independent woman who has a tomboyish and unruly personality which helped her overcome the sudden loss of her family. She is Han Yoo Rim's younger sister and will get involved with Kang Moo Yeol 10 years later. Both Kang Moo Yeol and his half brother Hong Soo Hyuk will fall in love with Han Yoo Jung. But, Moo Yeol and Yoo Jung are star-crossed lovers. Their tragic love story begins because of a tragedy due to their parents. How will they escape their dreary surroundings to succeed?",6.8,476,47,"['Sung Hoon', 'Choi Yoon Young', 'Shim Ji Ho', 'Jeon Kwang Ryul', 'Hwang Shin Hye', 'Jeon Mi Seon']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Bae Tae Seop,Park Ye Kyung
1641,Dream,https://mydramalist.com/1121-dream-2009,"Romance,  Sports,  Melodrama","Childish Male Lead, Greed, Strong Male Lead, Orphan Male Lead, Mixed Martial Arts, Rivalry, Jealousy, Blackmail, Father-Daughter Relationship, Revenge ","Lee Jang Suk spent some time in a juvenile detention center for stealing wallets from unsuspecting strangers. After he gets out, he meets a sports agent, Nam Jae Il, who's trying to recover from a downfall in his career. Together, they work to achieve their dreams. Jang Suk dreams of becoming a K-1 Champion; and Nam Jae Il dreams of regaining his reputation as a top sports agent.(Source: DramaWiki)",6.8,792,20,"['Kim Bum', 'Joo Jin Mo', 'Son Dam Bi', 'Park Sang Won', 'Lee Hoon', 'Lee Gi Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Baek Soo Chan,Jung Hyung Soo
1642,When a Man's in Love,https://mydramalist.com/6063-when-a-mans-in-love,"Romance,  Drama","Love Triangle, Age Gap [Drama Life], Age Gap [Real Life], Cold Female Lead, Obsessive Male Lead, Possessive Male Lead, Older Man/Younger Woman, Debt, Bad Man/Good Woman, Lost Child ","Han Tae Sang is a successful businessman, who has a cold-blooded decisiveness and incredible drive. This helped him to attain his current status, as he started with nothing. He then meets a younger woman named Seo Mi Do. Her personality reminds him of himself when he was that age. Han Tae Sang begins to feel love for the first time in his life.Seo Mi Do is full of ambition and she is also bright and lovely. Seo Mi Do isn't afraid of anything, because she went through so many difficult times when growing up. A man named Lee Jae Hee then confronts Han Tae Sang over Seo Mi Do.(Source: IMDb)",6.8,4562,20,"['Song Seung Heon', 'Shin Sae Kyeong', 'Yeon Woo Jin', 'Chae Jung An', 'Kim Sung Oh', 'Lee Chang Hoon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Kim Sang Ho,  Ashbun",Kim In Young
1643,Your Playlist,https://mydramalist.com/711547-your-playlist,"Music,  Romance,  Youth","Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, High School, Friendship, Character Development, Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series, Student Supporting Character, Student Female Lead ","Life for the students at Myungsung High School gets a shake-up when |Big Daddy"", a wildly popular and charismatic idol and influencer, transfers to the school. Things get even more complicated when he appears to fall head over heels for the class president Ha Eun – the most outspoken and popular female student in the class.But ""Big Daddy"" is not the only one at the school with a soft spot for Ha Eun. Yu Dong Hoo, a sophomore at the school, also has strong feelings for her. But while he is reluctant to make his feelings known to her in real life, online he has become something of an anonymous soulmate for her. He follows her on social media and cheers her from afar by sending her carefully curated musical playlists – full of songs that unfailingly fill her with joy and happiness. Meanwhile, Cha Won Young, another sophomore (and a neat, but often clumsy student) is struggling to reconcile with his best friend after a falling-out.(Source: Viki)",6.8,580,8,"['Yoon San Ha', 'Park Su Min', 'Kim Ji Hoon', 'Han Gi Chan', 'Han Seo Ul']",G - All Ages,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1644,Eating Existence,https://mydramalist.com/15878-eating-existence,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life","Miniseries, Web Series, Food, Adapted From A Manhwa, Foodie Female Lead, Cohabitation ","Yoo Yang faces daily challenges working in customer service and tries to make it through each day without too many scars. She’s a part of the so-called Sampo Generation, a new generation of young professionals who eschews courtship, marriage and childbirth because of the tremendous social and economic pressures facing them. Yang instead takes great delight in food and loves to go around to find and eat great food. But when Yang meets the devilishly good-looking Park Byeong, who shares her attitude and also inexplicably finds her irresistible, will her attitudes about life and love change?",6.8,720,10,"['Ahn Young Mi', 'Noh Min Woo', 'Yoo So Young', 'Lee Byung Hun', 'Ji Dae Han', 'Hwang Byung Kook']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Lee Chul Ha,Unknown
1645,Sword and Flower,https://mydramalist.com/6989-sword-and-flower,"Action,  Historical,  Romance,  Drama","Political Intrigue, Betrayal, Hidden Identity, Misunderstanding, Cross-Dressing, Gender Bender, Goguryeo Dynasty, Historical Fiction, Secret, Heartbreak ","Knife and Flower, an action/spy/romance drama, is set in the Koguryo period. It is about how Moo Seol, the daughter of King Young Ryu, falls in love with Yeon Choong, the child Yeon Gaesomun had with a concubine. But Moo Young debates whether she should have her revenge, as Yeon Gaesomun is the man who killed her father.Yeon Choong, was born between a father of noble blood and a servant mother. Despite his talent, he finds he cannot rise higher in rank due to the fact that he is a concubine′s son. He is later ordered by his father to kill the person he loves, he defies his father’s orders to murder the daughter and travels between his love for his prey and his fealty towards his father.",6.8,720,20,"['Uhm Tae Woong', 'Kim Ok Bin', 'Choi Min Soo', 'Kim  Sang Ho', 'Lee Won Jong', 'Gu Won']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,"Kim Yong Soo,  Park Jin Suk",Kwon Min Soo
1646,Mama Fairy and the Woodcutter,https://mydramalist.com/27887-tale-of-gyerong-fairy,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Fantasy","Tragic Past, Reincarnation, Adapted From A Webtoon, Bromance, Friendship, Love Triangle, Transformation, Pre-produced, Fairy Female Lead, Age Gap [Drama Life] ","The story follows a fairy who, after losing her clothes while bathing, meets a woodcutter and marries him. After her husband’s accidental death she waits for him to be reincarnated. She is a 699-year-old barista and, to ordinary people, appears very old, but to special people she appears young.  She also has the ability to converse with plants.(Source: Soompi)~~ Adapted from the webtoon of the same name.",6.8,3331,16,"['Moon Chae Won', 'Go Doo Shim', 'Yoon Hyun Min', 'Seo Ji Hoon', 'Kang Mi Na', 'Ahn Kil Kang']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Kim Yoon Cheol,Yoo Kyung Sun
1647,Let's Hold Hands Tightly and Watch The Sunset,https://mydramalist.com/26816-let-s-hold-hands-tightly-and-watch-the-sunset,"Romance,  Drama,  Family,  Melodrama","Architecture Industry, Hospital Setting, Death Of A Husband, Death Of A Mother, Widow Female Lead, Housewife Female Lead, Doctor Male Lead, Competent Female Lead, Grandpa-Granddaughter Relationship, Flashback To Past ","Hyun Joo had a hard life after losing her mother to a brain tumor at a young age. It was her husband Kim Do Yeong, who saved her. However, she finds out that she will also die soon like her late mother. The fear of leaving her family in the same pain and agony she went through as a child is bigger than the fear of dying. This leads her to tell her husband, “I’ve fallen in love with someone else”, as she hides her pain. During the last moments of her life, she goes off to find true love in.(Source: MBC)",6.8,194,32,"['Han Hye Jin', 'Yoon Sang Hyun', 'Yoo In Young', 'Kim Tae Hoon', 'Lee Na Yoon', 'Lee Mi Do']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Kim Sung Yong,  Jung Ji In",Jung Ha Yeon
1648,Marrying a Millionaire,https://mydramalist.com/1155-marrying-a-millionaire,"Romance,  Drama","Non-MDL Remake, Entertainment Industry, Second Chance, First Love ","Want to marry a millionaire? Add one 'Average Joe', be one of eight women selected, and money from the television network station and you can.Han Eun Young works as a clerk at a bank, trying to pay off the debts her step-mother and sister have piled on her. Kim Young Hoon is your regular, 'Average Joe', worker. He provides for his father, his older brother and his wife, as well as his younger brother.One day, PD Yoo Jin Ha is asked to take over the project, ""Marry a Millionaire"". Reluctantly, he agrees to handle the project. His search begins for the perfect man to play the 'millionaire'. His goal is to use a man who is an average worker, but can pull off the facade of a millionaire. Kim Young Hoon is that man. Although he works hard for a living, there are many who can easily mistake him for a rich guy. By chance, Eun Young is selected to be a participant in the TV show. Although the women are not supposed to know that this millionaire of their's is just a regular worker, Eun Young knows his true identity.(Source: Wikipedia)~~ Remake of the American reality show ""Joe Millionaire"" [2003].",6.8,603,16,"['Yoon Sang Hyun', 'Go Soo', 'Kim Hyun Joo', 'Son Tae Young', 'Kim Ki Bum', 'Park Jung Woo']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Kang Shin Hyo,Kim Yi Young
1649,Thousand Years of Love,https://mydramalist.com/937-thousand-years-of-love,"Romance,  Fantasy","Strip Club Setting, Hardworking Male Lead, Reverse-Harem, Mafia, Strong Female Lead, Revenge, Reincarnation, Unrequited Love, Love Triangle, Time Travel ","More than a thousand years ago from the present time, Puyeoju is the Baek Jae Empire's princess. Unlike other princesses, she is active and skilled in the arts and in sports. When the Baek Jae Empire crumbles due to a spy, Kum Hwa, she runs away with her bodyguard General Guishil Ari and falls in love with him in the meanwhile. The new conquerer Kim Yu Suk is also in love with the princess, but only receives hate in return. In a desperate attempt to win her, he kills Ari, but the princess runs away and jumps off a cliff to kill herself. While falling, she travels more than one thousand years into the future, which is our present time of 2003. Only she remains to be who she was, and she encounters Ari to be an aimless fashion designer Kang In Chul with a warm heart and bad temper. Although, he is annoyed at her ignorance of the present world, he comes to fall in love with the princess again. Fujiwara Tatsuji is the son of the Fujiwara dynasty, and once again is mysteriously attracted to the princess. Only she knows the past that holds all three of them together, but will things become an exact replica of the situation back then?",6.8,497,20,"['Sung Yoo Ri', 'So Ji Sub', 'Kim Nam Jin', 'Kim Sa Rang', 'Lee Sun Kyun', 'Lee Chang Hoon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Lee Kwan Hee,"Kim Ki Ho,  Lee Sun Mi"
1650,Love in Memory,https://mydramalist.com/27371-love-in-memory,"Mystery,  Romance,  Sci-Fi","Miniseries, Web Series, Short Length Series, Memories, Smart Male Lead, Death, Murder, First Love, Investigation ","The webdrama is a Sci-Fi romance genre dealing with forgotten love recalled through memories, all the while trying to solve a murder case.",6.8,451,6,"['Oh Ha Young', 'Go Yoon', 'Hwang So Hee', 'Lee Sang Ah', 'Son Seung Guk', 'Jung Eun Hye']",G - All Ages,Naver TV Cast,Hwang  Gyung Sung,Unknown
1651,Princess LuLu,https://mydramalist.com/602-princess-lulu,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Stepbrothers' Relationship, Family Business, Supportive Family, Fast Paced Romance, Playful Male Lead, Nice Female Lead, Rich Female Lead, Playboy Male Lead, Secret Relationship, Male Chases Female First ","Does a love story only exist in tales?Will the Real Prince and Snow White live a happy life described in the tale?The rich-born girl Go Hee Soo treats Kim Chan Ho like her birth younger brother, with the playboy Kang Woo Jin, who plays triangle relations part with the two. You will see endless climaxes and love stories.Hee Soo is the granddaughter of the president of the biggest group KS in Korea. Raised by her grandfather, she is charming and elegant. However, she feels regret that she has lost her birth mom who passed away in a plane accident with Chan Ho's parents. One day she meets Woo Jin, who has just come back after studying in the UK. She is attracted to  the carefree Woo Jin as he shows her a world she never knew. But Chan Ho, a very good friend of Woo Jin, grew up with Hee Soo and never regarded her as elder sister. This triangle relationship drives the three people in endless complex love problems.",6.7,337,20,"['Kim Heung Soo', 'Kim Jung Eun', 'Jung Joon Ho', 'Ha Seok Jin', 'Heo Jung Min', 'Lee Seung Woo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Son Jung Hyun,  Park Hyung Ki",Lee Hye Seon
1652,When I Was the Most Beautiful,https://mydramalist.com/54445-when-i-was-the-most-beautiful,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Love Triangle, Older Woman/Younger Man, Jealousy, Student-Teacher Relationship, Love At First Sight, Naive Female Lead, Prince Syndrome, Innocent Male Lead, Evil Aunt, First Love ","Oh Ye Ji  is a ceramic artist. She has a pure heart and relentless optimism and refuses to give up no matter the situation. She dreams of finding ordinary happiness but in a cruel twist of fate gets caught in a love triangle with two brothers, Seo Hwan and Seo Jin.Seo Hwan, an architectural designer, is an innocent young man who falls in love with Oh Ye Ji at first sight. His feelings put him at odds with his older brother Seo Jin, but he can’t let go of his fateful first love.  Seo Jin is a race car driver and the leader of his rally team. He is cool and reserved on the outside but is ruthless in the pursuit of what he desires. When he meets Oh Ye Ji for the first time at his father’s workshop, he instinctually feels attracted to her.Carry Jung, described as a femme fatale, is Seo Jin’s ex-girlfriend and marketing partner. She is charismatic, but she is also intensely jealous over her ex-lover and has a selfish and egoistic streak. She feels passionate love for Seo Jin, whose rally team she used to sponsor, and is unable to let go of him even after they break up.(Sources:  Soompi & MyDramaList)",6.7,1860,32,"['Im Soo Hyang', 'Kim Ji Soo', 'Ha Seok Jin', 'Hwang Seung Eon', 'Park Ji Young', 'Stephanie Lee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Oh Kyung Hoon,  Song Yeon Hwa",Jo Hyun Kyung
1653,Prince's First Love,https://mydramalist.com/757-princes-first-love,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Family","Resort Setting, Heir Male Lead, Enemies To Lovers, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Rich Male Lead, Filmed Abroad, Love Triangle ","Gun Hee, the Prince of a Hotel chain, lives an irresponsible jet setting existence. That is cut short when he meets Yu Bin. She ends up getting him in trouble with his family and he is forced to work in the hotel chain as a guide. Yu Bin also gets a job at the same company and Gun Hee proceeds to try to make her life miserable. Eventually, revenge turns to love, but Yu Bin only has eyes for hard-working Sung Hyun, Gun Hee's chief rival in the company as well as in love.",6.7,708,18,"['Sung Yoo Ri', 'Cha Tae Hyun', 'Kim Nam Jin', 'Jin Jae Young', 'Lee Jenny', 'Kim Young Joon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Lee Kwan Hee,Unknown
1654,Star With a Secret,https://mydramalist.com/685047-my-secret-star,"Comedy,  Romance,  Fantasy,  Supernatural","Secret, Haphephobia, Famous Lead/Common Lead, Famous Male Lead, Entertainment Industry, Web Series, Idol Male Lead, Actor Male Lead, Reporter Female Lead, Body Transformation ","A made -for - web drama about an unusual romance between a Hallyu star and a driven entertainment reporter.He is hiding a big secret- he turns into a little boy after touching a woman. Regular exposure to the public has left him with little choice but to lie to his fans, in order to cover up his situation. The reporter has stopped at nothing in the past to land exclusive celebrity scoops, so it's no wonder she’s the one to uncover the star’s awkward predicament.  Through honest communication, she gains empathy for him, one which allows her to help him heal his heart. Will their encounter make her think twice about reporting her findings on this Hallyu star?(Source: Arirang TV)",6.7,913,5,"['Sung Hoon', 'Hoang Yen Chibi', 'Prae']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1655,Fluttering Warning,https://mydramalist.com/24743-love-watch,"Business,  Comedy,  Romance,  Melodrama","Dermatologist Male Lead, Actress Female Lead, Doctor Male Lead, Fake Relationship, Famous Lead/Common Lead, Nice Female Lead, Scandal, Hardworking Male Lead, Hardworking Female Lead, Pretends To Be Gay ","A dermatologist, Cha Woo Hyun is extremely popular with women, but he doesn’t have much interest in dating. Yoon Yo Jung is a famous actress, who hasn’t been able to date another man since rumors started to spread 15 years ago. By mere coincidence, they decide to establish a contract in which they decide to “pretend” to others that they are dating and fall in love with each other.(Source: Koreandrama)~~ Adapted from the web novel by Seo Han Kyul.",6.7,2272,16,"['Chun Jung Myung', 'Yoon Eun Hye', 'Han Go Eun', 'Joo Woo Jae', 'P.O', 'Lee Hye Ran']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"MBN,  Viki",Jo Chang Wan,Kim Shin Hye
1656,"Now, We Are Breaking Up",https://mydramalist.com/62841-i-m-breaking-up-now,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Older Woman/Younger Man, Age Gap [Drama Life], Cold Female Lead, Age Gap [Real Life], Forbidden Love, Photography, Smart Male Lead, Multiple Couples, Fate, Freelancer Male Lead ","As the design department’s team leader of one of the nation’s top fashion companies, Ha Young Eun has made quite a name for herself in the fashion industry. Beautiful, trendy, and intelligent, Young Eun loves her work and she’s good at what she does. But when it comes to relationships, things are a bit different. Pragmatic to a fault, Young Eun often comes across as cold-hearted, as she prioritizes stability over all else.Content in both her work and her life, Young Eun has never really been bothered by the fact that others might see her as cold. But when she meets Yoon Jae Kook, a popular freelance fashion photographer, things take an unexpected turn. The living definition of the perfect man, Jae Kook is wealthy, handsome, and intelligent, but that’s not what catches Young Eun’s attention. There’s something more to Jae Kook that Young Eun just can’t seem to ignore. As if in a dream, Young Eun and Jae Kook find themselves falling for each other. But not all fairy tales have a happy ending. Is theirs a story that will end in heartbreak or will they manage to find their own version of happily ever after, after all?(Source: Viki)",6.7,6996,16,"['Song Hye Kyo', 'Jang Ki Yong', 'Choi Hee Seo', 'Kim Joo Heon', 'Park  Hyo Joo', 'Yoon Na Moo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"SBS,  ViuTV",Lee Gil Bok,Je In
1657,Before and After,https://mydramalist.com/1469-before-and-after-plastic-surgery-clinic,"Drama,  Medical","Manager Supporting Character, Plastic Surgeon Male Lead, Nurse Female Lead, Doctor Male Lead, Slight Romance, Plastic Surgery, Love Triangle ",Han Geon Soo is the young clinic owner who tries to protect his clinic from being taken over by loan sharks. He tries his best to save the clinic when uncollected loans are passed on to him after his father's sudden death. Choi Yong Woo is a talented doctor who joins the clinic to return his thanks to Geon Soo's father. Yong Woo is someone that often gets into arguments with patients who want to undergo unnecessary plastic surgery. Hong Ki Nam is the nurse who forms a love triangle between the two men. Yoon Seo Jin is the manager who obtained her perfect beauty through plastic surgery.,6.7,279,12,"['So Yi Hyun', 'Lee Jin Wook', 'Kim Sung Min', 'Jung Ae Yun', 'Ahn Suk Hwan', 'Choi Yong Min']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,"Kim Sang Hyub,  Kim Min Shik,  Kim Do Hyung",Kim Soo Jin
1658,Delivery,https://mydramalist.com/709883-delivery,"Action,  Comedy,  Martial Arts,  Sci-Fi","Deliverywoman Female Lead, Strong Female Lead, Cold Female Lead, Alien, Fight, Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series ","The web drama revolves around delivery girl Kwak Doo Shik who is well-versed in martial arts. She teams up with Do Ki Hwan, the delivery agency manager, in order to find her mother. In the process, they run into conspiring aliens who have invaded Earth.(Source: Gukjenews)",6.7,253,8,"['Cho Mi Yeon', 'Lee Tae Vin', 'Kim Jae Woon', 'Z.flat', 'Kim Eung Soo', 'Lee Seung Chul']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1659,I  Can See Your MBTI,https://mydramalist.com/688127-i-can-see-your-mbti,"Romance,  Youth","School Club, Web Series, Student Supporting Character, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Teenager Supporting Character, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, Miniseries ","A school romance drama that tells the story of a female student who can see people’s MBTIs, and a male student who can change his MBTI.(Source: vlive)",6.7,953,2,"['Choi Yeon Soo', 'Hyun Jae', 'Byun Sung Tae', 'Ah Ri', 'Park Gun Soo', 'Kim Ye Won']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Kim Gun Woo,Park Eun Woo
1660,Hello! Miss,https://mydramalist.com/308-hello-miss,"Comedy,  Romance","Naive Female Lead, Male Chases Female First, Calm Male Lead, Reverse-Harem ","Lee Soo Ha, 38th granddaughter of the Jae Ahn Lee clan and owner of the clan manor Hwa Ahn Dang, is trying to save the place from going bankrupt. Hwang Dong Gyu, oldest grandson of the president of TOP Group, is trying to buy Hwa Ahn Dang because his grandfather, who was once a servant at the manor, cannot rest in peace unless he spends his last days in Hwa Ahn Dang's master suite. Hwang Chan Min, Dong Gyu's playboy cousin, is his rival in business and love. Enter Seo Hwa Ran, a model who has a secret history with and a secret plan for Hwa Ahn Dang (and Chan Min), and Lee Joon Yong, Soo Ha's brother and Chan Min's friend who can't forget a girl from Hwa Ahn Dang he knew when he was a kid...This drama is adapted from the novel, ""Kimchi Mandu.""",6.7,2056,16,"['Lee Da Hae', 'Lee Ji Hoon', 'Joo Jong Hyuk', 'Yeo Woon Kye', 'Ha Seok Jin', 'Park Chan Hwan']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Lee Min Hong,Park Young Sook
1661,The Third Charm,https://mydramalist.com/29421-third-charm,"Food,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Time Skip, First Love, Opposites Attract, Love Triangle, Meet Again, Nerdy Male Lead, Poor Female Lead, Nice Male Lead, Love/Hate Relationship, Filmed Abroad ","The Third Charm tells the 12-year love story of how two young people with completely different personalities manage to find each other again. From the tender age of 20 to 27 years old, and then to the mature age of 32, will they find love for the third time?At 20 years old, On Joon Yeong is a nerdy, smart university student who wears plain clothes, and plain glasses, and doesn't obsess over fashion. He plans everything in his day meticulously, grows frustrated easily, overthinks things, and is very sensitive. With the guidance of his friends, he takes part in a blind date where he meets Lee Yeong Jae.Lee Yeong Jae is also 20 years old, doesn't attend university, and instead works as an assistant hairdresser. Lee Yeong Jae has had a difficult life and is an orphan who looks up immensely to her brother, Lee Soo Jae, a barista. She is honest, hardworking, and somewhat daring: the complete opposite of Oh Joon Yeong. Her dream is to become rich, though she would rather get there with her own perseverance. One day, her friend takes her to a blind date group with university students. At the meeting, she encounters Joon Yeong and goes on a date with him. From there, at 20 years old, their love story begins.(Source: AJ at MyDramaList)",6.7,5306,16,"['Seo Kang Joon', 'Esom', 'Min Woo Hyuk', 'Kim Yoon Hye', 'Lee Yoon Ji', 'Yang Dong Geun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,Pyo Min Soo,"Park Eun Young,  Park Hee Kwon"
1662,"Coffee, Do Me a Favor",https://mydramalist.com/30728-coffee-do-me-a-favor,"Comedy,  Romance,  Fantasy","Webtoon Artist Male Lead, Webtoon Artist Female Lead, Hidden Identity, Body Transformation, Magic, Nice Female Lead, Boss-Employee Relationship, First Love, Best Friends' Relationship, Deity Supporting Character ","'Coffee, Do Me A Favor' is a fantasy rom-com revolving around Lee Seul Bi, a chubby girl who becomes beautiful after drinking magical coffee, and Im Hyun Woo, a handsome webtoon artist who doesn’t believe in love until he meets Lee Seul Bi.",6.7,1404,12,"['Kim Min Young', 'Yong Jun Hyung', 'Chae Seo Jin', 'Lee Tae Ri', 'Gil Eun Hye', 'Ryu Hye Rin']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,"Channel A,  Viki",Park Soo Cheol,"Lee Ah Yeon,  Seo Bo Ra"
1663,How Are You Bread,https://mydramalist.com/18466-how-are-you-bread,"Food,  Romance,  Drama,  Fantasy","First Love, Adapted From A Webtoon, Healing, Trauma, Competition, Supernatural, Rivalry, Patissier Male Lead, Writer Female Lead, Chef Male Lead ","A genius patissier, with talent far beyond his years, Han Do Woo is a chef unparalleled in the world of pastries. The master chef of his own bakery, it’s often been said that if one is lucky enough to enjoy one of Do Woo’s pastries, one’s own wishes are sure to come true. With such rumors floating around, it doesn’t take long for Do Woo’s mysterious bakery to become the talk of the town.As the buzz around Do Woo and his bakery grows, it’s only a matter of time before he catches the media’s eye. A writer for the hit baking show, “Top 3 Bakery Kings”, Noh Mi Rae, is determined to get Do Woo to join the cast. There’s just one problem, Do Woo wants nothing to do with her or her show.With her job on the line, Mi Rae tries anything and everything to get Do Woo to make an appearance on her show. Infiltrating the bakery, Mi Rae’s desperation leads her down an unexpected path as her attempts to woo Do Woo slowly begin to cause her own heart to flutter. Could all this time spent with the mysterious patissier eventually lead to love?(Source: Viki)",6.7,1870,5,"['Suho', 'Lee Se Young', 'Moon  Ji Yoon', 'Kim Seo Ra', 'Han So Young', 'Kang Pil Sun']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,"Naver TV Cast,  Viki",Kim Young Joon,"Kang Soo Yeon,  Wei Jun"
1664,She Is 200 Years Old,https://mydramalist.com/15861-she-is-200-years-old,"Comedy,  Romance,  Fantasy","Miniseries, Short Length Series, Immortal, Female Lead Saves Male Lead, Older Woman/Younger Man, Web Series, Nice Male Lead ","200-year-old Min Se Yeon has managed to conceal her immortality, up until she meets Lee Jung Hoon, a social worker she saves from a traffic accident. Despite her wizened age, Se Yeon is fresh, beautiful and forever in her prime, but with immortality comes a price. Can Se Yeon and Jung Hoon defy time in the name of romance?",6.7,2189,5,"['Nam Ji Hyun', 'Ji Eun Sung', 'Kim Yun Bae', 'Yoon Jin Young']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
1665,Don't Ask Me About The Past,https://mydramalist.com/1118-dont-ask-me-about-the-past,"Comedy,  Romance,  Supernatural","Pre-produced, Special Power ",Kwak Sun Young gets into a car accident and develops this ability of detecting a man's past from his body odors. She divorces her husband when she finds out about his long history of girlfriends. Sun Young then sets up a business where she helps women and even the police track down suspicious men and husbands.,6.7,267,16,"['Kim Yoo Mi', 'Kim Won Hee', 'Kim Seung Soo', 'Jung Yoo Seok', 'Park Jae Jung', 'Jo Jin Woong']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,OCN,Kim Heung Dong,Unknown
1666,Cinderella Man,https://mydramalist.com/242-cinderella-man,"Romance,  Drama","Identical Twin Male Lead, Heir Male Lead, Fashion Industry, Twin Exchange, Love Square, Family Secret, Identity Swap, Rags To Riches, Family ","When brash, street-smart orphan Oh Dae San, who makes his living copying designer fashions, and the apathetic grandson of the fashion empire Lee Joon Hee meet by chance one day, the two men realize that they look exactly alike and in that, they see a chance to set each other free. Pressured by his stepbrother and stepmother to give up his rights to his grandmother's business, Joon Hee wants to investigate his family background in secret, so he decides to hire Dae San to distract attention for a day. Dae San, initially resistant to the idea, has become involved in the financial difficulties of the daughter of a recently-deceased friend and will do anything to help her. What starts out as a one-day deal turns into something deeper and more complicated, as secrets arise about the real connection between them.",6.7,2441,16,"['Kwon Sang Woo', 'Im Yoon Ah', 'Han Da Gam', 'Song Chang Eui', 'Jung Hye Sun', 'Yoo Hye Ri']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Unknown,Jo Yoon Young
1667,I Love Lee Tae Ri,https://mydramalist.com/4134-i-love-lee-tae-ri,"Comedy,  Romance,  Fantasy,  Supernatural","Older Woman/Younger Man, Friendship, Bromance ","""I Love Lee Tae Ri” is a romantic comedy about a 14 year old middle student who suddenly grows up to become a 25 year old man. Hwang Min Soo then becomes an assistant to a plutocrat heiress Lee Tae Ri. There's a pun in the title as Lee Tae Ri (이태리) can be romanized as ""Italy"".(Source: Hancinema)",6.7,2051,16,"['Yang Jin Woo', 'Park Ye Jin', 'Kim Ki Bum', 'Jubi', 'Kim So Yi', 'Lee Moon Soo']",Not Yet Rated,tvN,Unknown,Moon Ji Young
1668,A New Leaf,https://mydramalist.com/9559-a-new-leaf,"Business,  Law,  Drama","Lawyer Male Lead, Slight Romance, Father-Son Relationship, Corruption, Amnesia ","A ruthless lawyer at a high-powered law firm gets amnesia after being involved in an accident. He becomes a different person and fights for justice, which sets him on a collision course with the very same law firm that he worked for. He reflects on his life with a newfound perspective.(Source: MBC)",6.7,1247,16,"['Kim Myung Min', 'Kim Sang Joong', 'Park Min Young', 'Oh Jung Se', 'Jin Yi Han', 'Kim Seo Hyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Oh Hyun Jong,  Park Jae Bum",Choi Hee Ra
1669,The Sweet Blood,https://mydramalist.com/70629-the-sweet-blood,"Romance,  Youth,  Supernatural","Web Series, Blood, Hidden Identity, High School, Strong Female Lead, Short Length Series, Interspecies Romance, Vampire Fiction, Vampire Female Lead, Reverse-Harem ","Born between a human mother and a vampire father, Yeon Seo is a 118 year old half-vampire who wants nothing more than to live an ordinary human life. With natural beauty and a slew of vampire abilities, Yeon Seo could be anything she wanted, but she has chosen to blend in with those who appear closest to her age. As a result, Yeon Seo now finds herself faced with one of life’s most difficult challenges: graduating from high school.Fighting back her more vampiric urges, Yeon Seo does her best to blend in at school; a task that, for the most part, has been fairly easy. But when the sweet blood of her classmate, Song Meo Roo, attracts the attention of vampires and werewolves alike, things get a little more complicated. Trying desperately to ignore the siren call of Meo Roo’s blood, Yeon Seo takes it upon herself to protect her classmate from those who hunt him. As Yeon Seo and Meo Roo run for their lives, the blood in his veins calls to her. Torn between family duty and the desires of her own heart, a war within Yeon Seo rages. Will she be able to embrace her humanity and resist the temptation of this boy’s sweet blood or will her vampire side rise victorious in the end?(Source: Viki)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""The Sweet Girl"" (달달한그녀) by writer S and illustrator Nal Chi (날치).",6.7,5841,15,"['Song Chae Yun', 'Kim Eo Jin', 'Kim Ji Woong', 'Cho Eun Ho', 'Yoon Da Young', 'Kim Tae Hwan']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Ha Han Me,Hwang Da Seul
1670,Summer Love,https://mydramalist.com/14221-summer-love,Romance,"Summer Setting, Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series, Advertisement, Friendship ","This web drama tells the story of Yoona and Minho, who are old-time friends and have also been “talking” for quite a while. Made out of two episodes, the web drama depicts a sweet love story and connects it to the company’s newest product, “Long Way Cushion.”",6.7,2452,2,"['Lee Min Ho', 'Im Yoon Ah']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1671,The Best Future,https://mydramalist.com/11276-the-best-future,"Music,  Comedy,  Romance,  Youth","Short Length Series, Idol Trainee, Musical, Miniseries, Cohabitation, Web Series ","Choi Go is a young aspiring idol working a part-time job, who can be a bit of a coward. Mi Rae, recently hired by a company in the talent development field. The two struggle attempting to start different careers, meet by chance and start to share the same house, but because of their different schedules (one works during day, the other during night), they communicate leaving messages on a board.",6.7,647,5,"['Bang Min Ah', 'Seo Kang Joon', 'Go Se Won', 'Lee Seo Jin', 'Choi Sung Guk', 'Hong Kyung Min']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
1672,Ireland,https://mydramalist.com/1287-ireland,Unknown,"Brother-Sister Relationship, Flashback To Past, Star Crossed Lovers, Taboo, Forbidden Love, Calm Female Lead, Tearjerker, Trauma, Love Square, Family Secret ","A westernized Irish adoptee, Joong-Ah inevitably flies back to Korea to confront her past and to see the country she is really from, only to fall in love with her brother, Jae-Bok. Their love is painful, as they are never meant to be together as lovers, but merely as brother and sister. The show's message is that there is no such thing as noble innocent love and that love is adversity itself. Therefore, love mustn't be impeded by so-called ""destiny"" or family, no matter how ironic or difficult the case may seem. Although destiny is cruel and arduous, the two young lovers radiate pure happiness. The show describes how love survives the tragic bondage of family, destiny and romance.",6.7,242,16,"['Lee Na Young', 'Kim Min Joon', 'Kim Min Jung', 'Hyun Bin', 'Lee Hwi Hyang', 'Kim In Tae']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Kim Jin Man,In Jung Ok
1673,Oh My Ladylord,https://mydramalist.com/69915-oh-master,"Comedy,  Romance,  Fantasy,  Melodrama","Cohabitation, Roommates' Relationship, Screenwriter Male Lead, Actress Female Lead, Doctor Supporting Character, Family Conflict, Mental Illness, Tearjerker, Obsessive-compulsive Disorder (OCD), Misunderstanding ","Oh Joo In, a top rom-com actress, has been aiming to repurchase her old family home. The second it goes on sale, she buys it back, but it turns out that Han Bi Soo, an award-winning crime-thriller scriptwriter who has turned Joo In down for several roles, has been living there. As a man of many neuroses; disinfecting his surroundings and making sure everything is at a perfect angle, Han Bi Soo is so used to writing in his designated writing room that he can't seem to write anywhere else. So he enters into a contract with Joo In, to be allowed to use that room 24/7, on the condition that he calls her master.(Source: kortkrachtig at MyDramaList)",6.7,3618,16,"['Lee Min Ki', 'Nana', 'Kang Min Hyuk', 'Kim Ho Jung', 'Lee Hwi Hyang', 'Sun Woo Jae Duk']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"iQiyi,  MBC",Oh Da Young,Jo Jin Kook
1674,Basketball,https://mydramalist.com/7193-basketball,Unknown,"Forbidden Love, Japanese Colonial Rule, Rich Woman/Poor Man, Famous Male Lead, Historical Fiction, Rich Female Lead, Basketball, Melodrama ","Drama series is set within the turbulent period between the Japanese colonial era and the division of Korea into North and South. Kang San is from a poor family. He struggles to get away from poverty. Through the game of basketball, he becomes successful and meets a girl from the upper class. He dreams of their love overcoming the disparity in their social standing",6.7,479,18,"['Do Ji Han', 'Jung Dong Hyun', 'Lee Elijah', 'Han Young Soo', 'Jung In Sun', 'HA:TFELT']",Not Yet Rated,tvN,Kwak Jung Hwan,Kim Ji Yeong
1675,Hanoi Bride,https://mydramalist.com/1137-hanoi-bride,"Romance,  Medical","Translator Female Lead, Doctor Male Lead, Language Barrier, Intercountry Romance, Disapproving Parent, Miniseries, Misunderstanding, Second Chance, Revenge ","Park Eun Woo worked as a doctor in a clinic in Hanoi where he fell in love with a Vietnamese girl Ly Thi Vu. Due to the sudden death of his father, he had to return to Korea in a hurry but the message wasn't related to Ly Thi Vu. His elder brother Park Sok Woo who worked as a farmer in the field was hard pressed by his mother to go to Vietnam to find a wife and he ended up bringing Ly Thi Vu to Korea with the intention to marry her. Song Il Lan was Park Sok Woo's childhood friend and she realized that she was in love with him and he had a similar feeling for her too. When the misunderstanding between Park Sok Woo and Ly Thi Vu got clarified and all truth was out in the open, his mother who thought Ly Thi Vu was going to be her first son's wife and liked her didn't think she was good enough for her second son as he was a doctor. Ly Thi Vu was hurt and returned to Hanoi. Later the mother came to realize her folly and relented. Park Eun Woo didn't want to give up Ly Thi Vu and so he went back to work in Hanoi and search for her.",6.7,552,2,"['Lee Dong Wook', 'Kim Ok Bin', 'Kang Boo Ja', 'Lee Won Jong']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Park Kyung Ryul,Unknown
1676,Paradise Farm,https://mydramalist.com/163-paradise-farm,"Romance,  Drama","Divorced Female Lead, Possessive Male Lead, Pre-produced, Cohabitation, Ex-girlfriend Comes Back, Love Square, Second Chance, Riches To Rags, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Filmed Abroad ","Dong Joo and Da Ji were once desperately in love and married at 19 after struggling to convince their parents, but they had divorced after a mere six months. Six years later, they meet coincidentally at a horse auction in Australia and discover that their feelings for each other are still very much alive.(Source: Dramawiki)",6.7,3730,16,"['Lee Yun Hee', 'Joo Sang Wook', 'Shim Chang Min', 'Yoo Ha Na', 'Park Soo Hyun', 'Shin Pyo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Kim Chul Gyu,Jang Hyun Joo
1677,My Dear Friend,https://mydramalist.com/61083-my-dear-friend,"Romance,  Youth,  Drama","LGBTQ+, Friends To Lovers, Student Female Lead, School Setting, Best Friends' Relationship, Teenager Female Lead, Lesbian Female Lead, Short Length Series, Lesbian Romance, Miniseries ",Two young teenagers who are also best friends fall in love.,6.7,416,4,"['Jung Yoo Hyeon', 'Hwang  Ga Ram']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1678,Mackerel Run,https://mydramalist.com/414-mackerel-run,"Comedy,  Youth,  Drama","Transfer Student Female Lead, Student Supporting Character, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Teenager Supporting Character, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, Love At First Sight, Miniseries ","Cha Gong Chan was able to enter the top private high school in the affluent Gangnam District, Myoung Mun High, because of his soccer skills. But when he quits the sport, he finds himself an outcast and starts cutting class. One day, a beautiful new girl transfers to the school, and when she walks into his class, Gong Chan falls for her instantly. He is finally enthusiastic about going to school, but the school administrator informs him that he will be expelled if he misses one more day. Gong Ghan vows that he won’t give up on either his school life or his love.",6.7,1525,8,"['Lee Min Ho', 'Moon Chae Won', 'Kwon Yool', 'Jung Yoon Jo', 'Jang Tae Hoon', 'Lee Byung Joon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Kim Hong Seon,  Choi Young Hoon",Unknown
1679,Goong S,https://mydramalist.com/183-goong-s,"Comedy,  Romance","Childhood Friends' Relationship, Palace Setting, Empress Supporting Character, Fight For The Throne, Royal Family, Royalty, Death, Adapted From A Manhwa, Friendship ","The Empress is in her early 30s, but she is still not married. Since the 1st successor to the throne died, the royal family is in search of a new successor. Incidentally, they come to know of a young man who was, in fact, the prince's son of a woman who left the Palace in order to keep her pregnancy a secret. The young man's name was Lee Hoo, more commonly known to his friends as Kang Hoo.Lee Hoo worked as a delivery boy at a Chinese restaurant and was known for his 7-minute maximum delivery time. Lee Hoo had been brought up as more of a punk than a prince so his habits and his way of conversing were very different from the people of royal blood. Although he had never dreamt of living in the Palace, he one day finds himself immersing himself in its grandeur and improving himself to prove that he indeed deserves to be called the Successor to the throne.He soon finds out that not only will he be facing lessons on the path of royalty, and dilemmas of love and of stature, but he will also learn to compete for the position he had been, first and foremostly, called for.",6.7,3490,20,"['Se7en', 'Heo Yi Jae', 'Kang Doo', 'Park Shin Hye', 'Myung Se Bin', 'Oh Mi Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Hwang In Roe,  Kim Soo Young","Lee Jae Soon,  Do Young Myung"
1680,Love Frequency 37.2,https://mydramalist.com/11758-love-frequency-37.2,Romance,Miniseries ,"Love Frequency 37.2 is an omnibus romance drama about the twisted love stories of listeners of a radio show (every episode contains a different love story). DJ Captain is a mysterious character whose name, age and school are unknown. He steals a radio frequency to host his own pirate radio. He receives stories from his listeners.",6.7,395,6,"['Yoon Gun', 'Choi Yoon So', 'Yoon Jin Wook', 'Jeon Ji Hoo', 'Jo A Young', 'Lee Se Young']",Not Yet Rated,MBC every1,Park Soo Cheol,Unknown
1681,The Flatterer,https://mydramalist.com/14071-the-flatterer,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Adapted From A Webtoon, Student Supporting Character, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Childhood Friends' Relationship, Teenager Supporting Character, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, Short Length Series ","Story about Park Gun, who starts attending a high school full of troublemakers and former dropouts.(Source: TMDb)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""The Flatterer"" (아부쟁이) by Lee Ik Soo (이익수).",6.7,1463,12,"['Kwak Dong Yeon', 'Yoon Bora', 'Lee Jae Jin', 'Moon Won Ju', 'EXY', 'Bae Seul Gi']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Kwon Soo Kyung,Unknown
1682,My Sweet Seoul,https://mydramalist.com/1162-my-sweet-seoul,Romance,Older Woman/Younger Man ,"The drama about the love life of an old maid, Oh Eun Joo. She has been working at a book publishing company for seven years. Eun Joo forms a love triangle with Tae Oh and Young Soo. Tae Oh is younger than Eun Joo by seven years and Young Soo is a businessman who Eun Joo meets on a blind date. Eun Soo is reluctant in letting Tae Oh meet her friends because of their huge age gap. This causes a rift in their relationship because Tae Oh thinks that Eun Soo doesn't take him seriously. At the same time, Eun Soo continues to see Young Soo and there's something about him that draws her closer to him.(DW)",6.7,380,16,"['Lee Sun Kyun', 'Ji Hyun Woo', 'Choi Kang Hee', 'Yoon Hee Seok', 'Min Bok Gi', 'Lee Ho Jae']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Park Heung Shik,Song Hye Jin
1683,Goddess Of Marriage,https://mydramalist.com/6819-goddess-of-marriage,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","MDL Remake, Innocent Female Lead, Abusive In Laws, Power Struggle, Family Pressure, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Rich Male Lead ","Radio program writer Song Ji Hye has a pure outlook, that could be construed naive, but also self-assertive. She dreams of having a soulmate, but worries about the difference between reality and an ideal love. She falls into love triangle with two men.",6.7,622,36,"['Lee Sang Woo', 'Nam Sang Mi', 'Kim Ji Hoon', 'Baek Il Sub', 'Kwak Hee Sung', 'Jeon Gook Hwan']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,SBS,Oh Jin Suk,Jo Jung Seon
1684,109 Strange Things,https://mydramalist.com/21779-109-strange-things,"Romance,  Youth,  Sci-Fi","Short Length Series, Web Series, Student Female Lead, School Setting, Young Adult Female Lead, University, Miniseries, Android, Interspecies Romance, Artificial Intelligence ","When a robot comes from the future, will a philosophy major understand the significance of it?KDI-109, a robot from the future. He ends up living in the home of Shin Ki Won, a fourth-year college student who is studying philosophy. As Ki Won wrestles with life’s big questions and finding gainful employment after college, can KDI-109 help her find the answers?(Source: IMDb)",6.7,1154,6,"['Choi  Tae Joon', 'Jung Chae Yeon', 'Cho Yi Hyun', 'Kim Yong Jin', 'Kim  Tae Yoon', 'Song Tae Woo']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
1685,I Am Your Teacher,https://mydramalist.com/257-i-am-your-teacher,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth","Student Supporting Character, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Teenager Supporting Character, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, Age Gap [Drama Life], Age Gap [Real Life], Teacher Male Lead ","The story focuses on the conflicts between the young teachers and the problems that high school students have. Jang Yi San is a timid and incompetent homeroom teacher who has to teach the only daughter of a highly dangerous mob leader, Eun Byul. Eun Byul is a new student at MyungMoon High with little drive to succeed.",6.7,2332,16,"['Yang Dong Geun', 'Park Min Young', 'Son Tae Young', 'Park Jun Gyu', 'Park Chae Kyung', 'T.O.P']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Kim Jung Gyu,Lee Jin Mae
1686,Start Love,https://mydramalist.com/15514-start-love,Unknown,"Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series ",‘Start love’ is a romance drama of a man and a woman in their 20’s that will depict the love story of them comically,6.6,440,5,"['Moon Byul', 'Kim Kyu Jong', 'Maeng  Se Chang', 'Lee Young Bum', 'Jang Hee Soo', 'Kim Jae Rok']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
1687,Entourage,https://mydramalist.com/16675-entourage,"Business,  Comedy,  Drama","Non-MDL Remake, Entertainment Industry, Pre-produced, Friendship ",This is the story of a handsomely famous celebrity who depends on his three friends and agency's boss who try to help him in his struggles as an actor and a man. (Source: IMDb)~~ Remake of the American TV series “Entourage” [2004].,6.6,2141,16,"['Seo Kang Joon', 'Jo Jin Woong', 'Lee Kwang Soo', 'Lee Dong Hwi', 'Park Jung Min', 'Jang So Yeon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Jang Young Woo,"Seo Jae Won,  Kwon So Ra"
1688,Ohlala Couple,https://mydramalist.com/5412-ohlala-couple,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Supernatural","Extramarital Affair, Redemption, Second Chance Romance, Infidelity, Identity Swap, Body Swap ","Na Yeo Ok is fed up with the infidelity of her hotelier husband, Go Soo Nam, during their 12-year marriage and demands a divorce. However, after signing the divorce agreement, they get into a major accident causing their souls to be switched into each other’s bodies. As the couple bumbles around in each other’s identities, they begin to understand each other by experiencing each other's lives.",6.6,1248,18,"['Shin Hyun Joon', 'Kim Jung Eun', 'Han Chae Ah', 'Han Jae Suk', 'Ryu Si Hyun', 'Narsha']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,"Lee Jung Sub,  Jeon Woo Sung",Choi Soon Shik
1689,Jungle Fish,https://mydramalist.com/1806-jungle-fish,Unknown,"School Setting, School Club, High School, School Problems, Student ","A drama about school life that sheds light on the serious issue of cheating and falsifying grades, as well as the stress of entrance exams at ruthlessly competitive South Korean high schools",6.6,559,1,"['Kim Soo Hyun', 'Park Bo Young', 'Hwang Chan Sung', 'Jang Ki Beom', 'Kim Jung Kyoon', 'Kim C']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,KBS2,Choi Sung Bum,Seo Jae Won
1690,Missing Korea,https://mydramalist.com/15598-missing-korea,Unknown,"Web Series, North And South Korea, 2NE1, Miniseries, Beauty Pageant, Idol Actor ",“Missing Korea” is a romantic comedy set in the fictional year of 2020 when North and South Korea have taken significant steps towards reunification. One of those steps include hosting the first-ever combined Miss Korea pageant.,6.6,864,6,"['Sandara Park', 'Kim Jeong Hoon', 'Ha Eun Seol', 'Lee Ji Hyun', 'Kim Jung Seok', 'Baek Bo Ram']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Min Doo Shik,Unknown
1691,Prince's Prince,https://mydramalist.com/14689-princes-prince,Unknown,"Miniseries, Brother-Sister Relationship, Adapted From A Webtoon, Short Length Series, Fake Relationship, Misunderstanding, Web Series, Female Chases Male First ","Park Shi Hyun’s younger sister is so engrossed in video games and her computer, she lives in an imaginary world all her own. Shi Hyun tries to get his sister to return to the real world, however his nemesis Lee Mong Ryong is trying to stand in the way.",6.6,2083,10,"['Choi Jong Hoon', 'Yuna', 'Im Yoon Ho', 'Son Se Bin', 'Kim Min Chul', 'Woo Hyeok']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Shin Joo Hwan,Unknown
1692,One Fine Day,https://mydramalist.com/499-one-fine-day,Unknown,"Separated Family, Orphan Female Lead, Family Relationship, Adapted From A Manga ","After Seo Han Eul lost her mother in a fire, she was later adopted by a wealthy family and experienced a life of many twists and turns. Seo Gun's father had married an unwed mother, thus making Han Eul his sister in the eyes of the law. After their parents passed away, Han Eul was adopted by a wealthy chairman of a large organization who has also become a gangster. Upon using Han Eul to extort money, Seo Gun and Han Eul slowly fall in love with each other.~~ Adapted from the manga series ""Flower of Eden"" by  Yuki Suetsugu.",6.6,1056,16,"['Sung Yoo Ri', 'Gong Yoo', 'Namkoong Min', 'Lee Yun Hee', 'Lee Eon Jung', 'Jung Dong Hwan']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Shin Hyun Chang,"Sa Moo Il,  Son Eun Hye"
1693,Birdie Buddy,https://mydramalist.com/2648-birdie-buddy,Unknown,"Successful Female Lead, Hardworking Female Lead, Golf, Betrayal, Pre-produced, Adapted From A Manhwa, Love Triangle ","Former pro golfer, John Lee, leads two women to become the next golf queens. John Lee became the first Korean to win a PGA title. His background was a mystery other than the fact that he was an adoptee. Even though he found success by winning the PGA title, John Lee stopped playing golf to become a golf course tester.Min Hae Ryung was raised to become an elite golf player and was always placed in the best environment to play golf. Her emotions have always been controlled and she has a deep wound inside of her. In contrast, Sung Mi Soo is a country girl from Kangwon Province. She comes from a poor background, but her mom worked as caddie. With her bright personality and determined efforts, she attempts to become an elite golf player.",6.6,1124,24,"['Uee', 'Lee Da Hee', 'Lee Yong Woo', 'Hwang Eun Jung', 'Yoon Gi Won', 'Park Sung Woong']",Not Yet Rated,tvN,Yoon Sang Ho,Unknown
1694,Miss Ripley,https://mydramalist.com/1564-miss-ripley,Unknown,"Antiheroine Female Lead, Antihero Male Lead, Dark Fiction, Ripley Syndrome, Greed, Mental Illness, Antisocial Personality Disorder, Based On True Story ","Two very different men fall in love with Jang Mi Ri, a woman whose life is a complicated web of lies, propelled by her greedy desires that stem from an unfortunate childhood. Jang Myung Hoon is an ambitious hotelier who maintains perfect control of himself and his life, while Yutaka is the warm and gentle heir of a Korean-Japanese hotel conglomerate. Their love for Mi Ri and her tragic ambition eventually leads them down the path of destruction.~~ Based on the real life case of Shin Jung Ah, a university professor and art curator at Dongguk University who was discovered to have forged her credentials in order to get hired, with the help of her boyfriend (then presidential secretary) Byun Yang Kyoon, and embezzled funds from the art gallery's corporate sponsorship.",6.6,2325,16,"['Lee Da Hae', 'Kim Seung Woo', 'Park Yoo Chun', 'Kang Hye Jung', 'Jang Yong', 'Min Joon Hyun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Choi Won Seok,  Choi Yi Sup",Kim Sun Young
1695,Bel Ami,https://mydramalist.com/7352-bel-ami,Unknown,"Sassy Female Lead, Eccentric Female Lead, Beauty, Female Chases Male First, Unrequited Love, Love Triangle, Arrogant Male Lead, Adapted From A Manhwa ","Dokgo Ma Te is an ambitious man, who wants to make a lot of money using his beautiful appearance. He sets out to date ten of the most successful women in Korea. A strange woman then appears in front of Dokgo Ma Te. Her name is Kim Bo Tong, an ordinary girl from a poor background, who’s been in love with him for ten years. Can she make Dokgo Ma Te love her?(Source: KoreanDrama.org)~~ Adapted from the manhwa ""Yeppeun Namja ~Yeol Yeoja Jeonbbokgi~"" (예쁜 남자 ~열 여자 정복기~) by Cheon Kye Young (천계영).",6.6,9245,16,"['Jang Geun Suk', 'IU', 'Han Chae Young', 'Lee Jang Woo', 'Jei', 'Lee Mi Young']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,"Lee Jae Sang,  Jung Jung Hwa,  Shin Yong Hwi",Yoo Young Ah
1696,Coffee House,https://mydramalist.com/111-coffee-house,Unknown,"Workplace Setting, Workplace Romance, Friends To Lovers, Love Triangle, Friendship ","Lee Jin Soo made it big after writing several thriller novels and establishing himself as a talented novelist. He works for Seo Eun Young, the owner of the biggest publishing company in Korea, and has a long-time friendship with her. Jin Soo has lots of fans, especially female ones, and he seems to be the perfect match for any woman... but what no one knows is that he is actually a bit weird and sarcastic, has lots of strange habits, and holds a dark secret. The one who has to cope with him and his habits is his secretary, Kang Seung Yeon, who begged him for this job to become a pro instead of the below-average girl that she really is. On top of that, there is also the return of Han Ji Won, Eun Young's ex-fiance, whom she despises. Ji Won tries to win Eun Young back, but she has her eyes set on Jin Soo.",6.6,3650,18,"['Kang Ji Hwan', 'Ham Eun Jung', 'Park Shi Yeon', 'Jung Woong In', 'Jung  Soo Young', 'Son Se Bin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Pyo Min Soo,"Song Jae Jung,  Kim Yoon Joo"
1697,The Woman Who Married Three Times,https://mydramalist.com/7809-the-woman-who-married-three-times,Unknown,Unknown,"A family drama that centers around a mother and her two daughters from a normal family who deliver the reality and connection of marriage. It will depict the two sisters' relationship, their personal struggle, love, and married lives. The younger sister gets married for the second time after she fails her first marriage, while her outwardly cold older sister has a crush on a guy with commitment issues. This drama will also deliver the different perspectives on marriage and divorce between the parents' generation and today's generation.",6.6,304,40,"['Uhm Ji Won', 'Song Chang Eui', 'Ha Seok Jin', 'Lee Ji Ah', 'Kim Yong Rim', 'Oh Mi Yun']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Son Jung Hyun,Kim Soo Hyun
1698,The Facetale,https://mydramalist.com/21860-the-facetale-season-1-cinderia,Unknown,"Miniseries, Cosmetic Industry, Short Length Series, Makeover ","The two best friends are polar opposites. Cin De Ri works for a cosmetics company but prefers not to wear makeup due to a traumatic incident in college. Her best friend is Gae Mo Ran, the impeccable and gorgeous beauty host. When Cin De Ri stands in for Mo Ran on a blind date with the handsome Lee Jun Yeol, she becomes smitten with him. But Mo Ran then decides she wants Jun Yeol for herself and tries to seduce him.Angry, Cin De Ri decides her Plain Jane days are over and uses a mysterious compact that can conjure three makeup fairies – Fairy Won Hye, Fairy Hwal Ran, and Fairy Dae Shik – to transform her into a beautiful woman. Wang Sae Son is mesmerized by the sudden change in Cin De Ri. But the compact can only be used up to eight times. What will happen to Cin De Ri when she runs out of magic transformations?(Source: Viki)",6.6,455,10,"['Lee  Joo Yeon', 'Choi Tae Hwan', 'Shin Suk Chul', 'Kang So Yeon', 'Park Kyu Yeop']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,"Naver TV Cast,  Viki",Unknown,Unknown
1699,Love Detective Sherlock K,https://mydramalist.com/13319-love-detective-sherlock-k,Unknown,"Hacker Supporting Character, Miniseries, Web Series, Cross-Dressing ","Sherlock K is a beautiful woman disguised as a man. Commissioned by chaebol Do Min-woo, she runs a ‘healing cafe’ where she profiles love psychology.",6.6,487,10,"['Nam Bo Ra', 'Jung Jin Young', 'Park Min Woo', 'Yoon Bo Mi', 'Park Jin Joo', 'Jo Yong Geun']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
1700,Bad Girlfriend,https://mydramalist.com/730995-bad-girlfriend,Unknown,"Infidelity, Workplace Romance, Boss-Employee Relationship, Web Series, Older Woman/Younger Man, Team Leader Male Lead, Short Length Series, Long Time Friends, Love Triangle, Workplace Setting ","Ji Soo, an advertising planner who is faithful to her desire to date someone she likes, is proud of her working abilities at her company. She is dating Tae Oh who is her superior at work and Ji Ho, a cheerful young man, who is out there trying to make ends meet. But when Ji Ho went to work at Ji Soo's company, Ji Soo's daily life, which seemed perfect, began to collapse... Will Ji Soo be able to handle all this and continue her two-legged relationship?(Source: Naver)",6.6,1151,12,"['Byeon Seo Yoon', 'Park Young Woon', 'Yang Hyuk', 'Yoo Jung Hoo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Naver TV Cast,  Viki,  vLive",Lee Si Young,Park Jung Yoon
1701,A Good Supper,https://mydramalist.com/79797-be-a-meal,Unknown,"Nice Male Lead, Friendship, Food, Brother-Sister Relationship, Cooking, Childhood Friends' Relationship, Best Friends' Relationship, Restaurant Setting, Countryside Setting, Death Of A Mother ","“Supper” is a shabby Korean Diner in the countryside near a small train station. Young Shin is in her third year of high school, but while her classmates go straight to academies after school, she rushes to the market to buy cheap ingredients for the diner.  The regular customers who bought daily meal tickets for 4 dollars, and enjoyed a generous, delicious warm dinner, became the “Supper” family.  Since Young Shin was little, she learned how to cook from Gyung Soo, the owner of the Diner. She grew up with Da Jung, Jung Hoon and Oh Bok.  Jung Hoon, moved to the countryside with his father after he divorced Jung Hoon’s mother. Oh Bok, was raised by his grandmother and uncle, after his parents abandoned him.  Da Jung, and her parents, ate at “Supper” because both her parents worked. They became closer than most siblings over 12 years. Four young people show up in Gyung Soo’s life, unraveling a lively story of love, friendship, ambition and forgiveness.(Source: mbc)",6.6,239,120,"['Jung Woo Yeon', 'Jae Hee', 'Kwon Hyuk', 'Kang Da Hyun', 'Kim Hye Ok', 'Choi Soo Rin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Baek Ho Min,Ha Chung Ok
1702,Prominent Woman,https://mydramalist.com/14153-prominent-woman,Unknown,"Miniseries, Web Series ","Woo Hee is a relationship column editor of a magazine. She is a prominent woman as there are endless calls and requests for signature and pictures of her. However, in her head, she's always thinking about playing hard to get!Jae Hong is a long time friend she doesn't want for herself but is too good to let go. Woo Hee can't forget her ex, Cheon Gwan's password to his house. Younger guy Joo Seung just won't stop texting her. She has to be nice to her friend who's always there for her like a mother. However, she doesn't want to give up her successful career as well.",6.6,244,5,"['Chun Woo Hee', 'Ahn Jae Hong', 'Lee Joo Seung', 'Jo Jung Chi', 'Choi Ye Seul', 'Lee Woo Jung']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,"Baek Seung Bin,  Yoon Sung Ho,  Park Hyun Jin",Unknown
1703,Immutable Law of First Love,https://mydramalist.com/15206-immutable-law-of-first-love,Unknown,Adapted From A Web Novel ,"The story of Jong Goo, a handsome genius man and Yeo Ri, a woman who is always hurt by seeing her boyfriend together with other girls. ~~ The web drama is based on an original web novel of the same name.",6.5,516,11,"['Kim Jeong Hoon', 'Song Ji Eun', 'Ha Eun Seol', 'Lee Jin', 'Lee Jung Bin']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Peter Lee,Unknown
1704,A Beauty of Revenge,https://mydramalist.com/713161-a-beauty-of-revenge,Unknown,"Student Female Lead, School Setting, Ugly To Attractive, MDL Remake, Teenager Female Lead, Short Length Series, Miniseries, High School, School Problems, Beauty ",A story about a girl Park Minsun getting revenge on her bullies by changing her appearance and identity. She executes a plan to damage the leader of the delinquent group who has sociopathic tendencies.~~ Based on the the web drama 'Multi Personality Girl EP0' (2019).,6.5,1148,5,"['Jang Yeo Bin', 'Park Young Jae', 'Son Ho Tae', 'Park Min Sun', 'Cha Yi Do']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1705,Marry Him If You Dare,https://mydramalist.com/7604-marry-him-if-you-dare,Unknown,"CNBLUE, Second Chance, Time Travel, Idol Actor ","Set in the world of television broadcasting, Na Mi Rae travels back in time to prevent her 32-year-old self from marrying news anchor, Kim Shin, thus sending her past self down a different path and enabling her to pursue the things she really wanted in life.",6.5,6578,16,"['Yoon Eun Hye', 'Lee Dong Gun', 'Jung Yong Hwa', 'Han Chae Ah', 'Choi Myung Gil', 'Oh Jung Se']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Yoo Jong Sun,  Kwon Gye Hong",Hong Jin Ah
1706,Goedam,https://mydramalist.com/66691-goedam,Unknown,"Ghost, School Setting, Graphic Violence, Short Length Series, Dark Fantasy, CGI, Spirit Possession, Urban Legend, Vengeful Spirit, Shamanism ","When night falls on this city, shadows and spirits come alive in this horror anthology series focused on urban legends.(Source: Netflix)",6.5,3496,8,"['Song Chae Yun', 'Jung Young Ki', 'Joo Bo Bi', 'An So Jin', 'Seola', 'Lee Hyun Joo']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),Netflix,Hong Won Gi,Unknown
1707,Heading to the Ground,https://mydramalist.com/166-heading-to-the-ground,Unknown,Unknown,"The drama about a man trying to achieve what is thought to be impossible: fulfilling his dreams of being a great soccer player. He meets Kang Hae Bin, a sports agent, who tries to live her life away from the influence of her rich father.",6.5,1431,16,"['U-Know', 'Go Ah Ra', 'Lee Sang Yoon', 'Park Soon Chun', 'Bang Joon Seo', 'Ricky Kim']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Park Sung Soo,"Kim Sol Ji,  Kim Ye Ri"
1708,Boys Dormitory,https://mydramalist.com/31361-boys-dormitory,Unknown,"Miniseries, Web Series, Cohabitation, Gay Romance, LGBTQ+, Secret Crush, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Roommates' Relationship, Gay Male Lead ",What happened in the male bedroom of the university?,6.5,634,2,"['Kim Hyun Joon', 'Han Seo Joon']",G - All Ages,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1709,Exhibition of Fireworks,https://mydramalist.com/985-exhibition-of-fireworks,Unknown,"Older Woman/Younger Man, Character Development, Unrequited Love, Love Triangle ","Shin Na Ra, a woman who is almost thirty, welcomes her boyfriend of seven years back from his business trip. During their dinner, he tells her that he not only had an affair but fell in love with another woman. Thus their relationship is no more. To make herself feel better, Na Ra drinks a large amount of alcohol and unknowingly dropped the ring her ex-boyfriend gave her into a random stranger's cup. The stranger, In Jae, drinks the shot without seeing the ring and both of them end up in the hospital.To support herself, Na Ra pretends to be her 20 year old sister in order to work as a cosmetic clerk at Mi Rae (the woman her ex-boyfriend fell in love with)'s shop but fate has brought In Jae to the shop to. Thus began their surprising journey of love, where In Jae is in love with Mi Rae too.",6.5,789,17,"['Kang Ji Hwan', 'Han Chae Young', 'Yoon Sang Hyun', 'Park Eun Hye', 'Park Geun Hyung', 'Kim Chang Sook']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Kim Hong Seon,  Jung Se Ho",Unknown
1710,Sponsor,https://mydramalist.com/697397-desire,Unknown,"Suspense, Editor Male Lead, Actress Female Lead, Poverty, Hardworking Male Lead, Hardworking Female Lead, Greed, Modeling, Disease, Photography ","A romance thriller between four men and women running like a runaway locomotive toward different desires, including success, revenge, children and love. Lee Sun Woo, is a photographer and editor at a magazine. He keeps a burning ambition and heartfelt desire for revenge hidden behind his warm exterior. Han Chae Rin is the CEO of a cosmetics company. She is greedy and ambitious despite her success. Park Da Som is a rising actress. She does anything for success. At the same time, she struggles to protect her son who has a rare disease. She’s internally struggling between motherhood and success, and despite her cold exterior, she truly loves her ill son. Hyun Seung Hoon, Park Da Som’s husband, is an aspiring model. His life goals are to overcome poverty and failures. He dreams of succeeding in life.(Source: Naver; Soompi)",6.5,315,12,"['Lee Ji Hoon', 'Han Chae Young', 'Ji Yi Soo', 'Koo Ja Sung', 'Kim Yun Seo', 'Park Geun Hyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"MBN,  Viki",Kwak Gi Won,Park Gye Hyung
1711,Freeze,https://mydramalist.com/502-freeze,Unknown,"Vampire Fiction, Vampire Female Lead, Miniseries, Interspecies Romance, Suspense ","This is a story involving vampires. It goes back to 350+ years when Baek Jung Won saved the vampire I Wha from being burned at the stake in his village. He fell off the cliff while they escaped and I Wha had to give him her blood in order to save him from dying and thus Baek Jung Won was transformed into a vampire also.In the modern day Seoul, they opened a bar. One day, Baek Jung Won received a letter from his former lover who was dying and entrusted him to look after her daughter, Jang Ji Yun. Baek Jung Won fell in love with this woman some 20 years ago but broke up without telling her the truth about himself. After her mother's funeral, Jang Ji Yun found a picture that her mother treasured a lot with someone looking like Baek Jung Won in it and she set out to look for him. When she finally found him, she thought he was the son of her mother's long lost lover as Baek Jung Won's appearance didn't change as a vampire. They start to fall in love and I Wha has difficulty dealing with that. At the same time, a serial killer who sucks blood from the victims is on the loose.",6.5,501,5,"['Lee Seo Jin', 'Park Han Byul', 'Son Tae Young', 'Lee In', 'Kim Kwang Gyu', 'Lee  Han Wi']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,CGV,Unknown,Unknown
1736,Youn Hee's Love,https://mydramalist.com/727791-yoonhee-s-romance,Romance,"Miniseries, Web Series, Break Up, Infidelity ","There are countless relationships and exes in the world and there are many jerks too. Talking behind ex-lovers' backs in  ""Youn Hee's Love"". (Source: Nanometer)",6.9,9,8,"['Park Ha Eun', 'Lee Su Chan', 'Kim Gyu Nam', 'Choi Chan Woo', 'Min Ha Eun', 'Shin Ki Seong']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1792,High! Touch,https://mydramalist.com/687389-high-touch,"Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, Short Length Series, Miniseries, High School, Web Series, Sports ","""High! Touch"" is a child's dream come true high-teen web drama at the crossroads of life in the winter of the a 19 year-old, and is an interactive web drama with different ending at the choice of viewers.(Source: HanCinema)",7.3,3,6,"['Han Ji Hyo', 'Seo Sung Hyuk', 'Park Se Hyun', 'Jung Joon Sung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Naver TV Cast,Kim Sang Yoon,Unknown
1895,All the Love in the World Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/28074-all-the-love-in-the-world-season-2,"Romance,  Life","Miniseries, Web Series, Short Length Series ","""All Love in the World"" is a realistic yet fresh and comic depiction of the romance of various young couples nowadays. The webdrama is divided into three seasons, each one is focused on one couple with their own problems.The second season unfolds the story of an office couple whose relationship looks more like a thriller rather than a romance.",9.2,5,5,"['Yun  Joon Suk', 'Ahn Sol Bin']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
1896,Golbaengi,https://mydramalist.com/12507-golbangi,"Comedy,  Sitcom",Multiple Mains ,Unknown,9.1,3,247,"['Kim Jin Soo', 'Kwon Yong Woon', 'Kim Hyo Jin', 'Park Mi Sun', 'Jung Sung Hwa', 'Oh Seung Eun']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Unknown,Unknown
1897,Magic Castle,https://mydramalist.com/12224-magic-castle,Romance,Unknown,"""Magic Castle"" tells the story of residents who live in a shabby apartment complex. Lee Pung Jin, who is inflexible and values his own principles, is a police officer at a precinct station. He meets Hong Yoon Hee who is the victim of a pickpocket incident on the bus. She doesn't have any family. Pung Jin and Yoon Hee soon fall in love.Source: AsianWiki",8.9,3,14,"['Lee Na Young', 'Yoo  Joon Sang', 'Hwang In Sung', 'Song Ok Sook', 'Lee Deok Hwa', 'Song Sun Mi']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Unknown,Goo Hyun Sook
1898,Connect,https://mydramalist.com/53607-connect,"Mystery,  Youth","Investigation, Miniseries, Friendship ",A group of 5 friends chase mysteries.,8.8,4,5,"['Choi Hyun Joon', 'Hong Eun Ki']",G - All Ages,OBS,Unknown,Unknown
1899,All the Love in the World Season 3,https://mydramalist.com/28075-all-the-love-in-the-world-season-3,"Romance,  Life","Short Length Series, Long Distance Relationship, Miniseries, Web Series ","""All Love in the World"" is a realistic yet fresh and comic depiction of the romance of various young couples nowadays. The webdrama is divided into three seasons, each one is focused on one couple with their own problems.Season 3 depicts the pros and cons of a long-distance relationship between a woman from Seoul and a man from Busan.",8.8,5,5,"['Yang Jung Won', 'Lee Seung Hyub']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
1900,Should My Tears Show,https://mydramalist.com/12491-should-my-tears-show,Drama,Unknown,Unknown,8.7,4,16,"['Kim Ji Ho', 'Kim Tae Woo', 'Park Geun Hyung', 'Seol Soo Jin', 'Sung Hyun Ah', 'Lee Ah Hyun']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Kim Sa Hyun,Jung Yoo Kyung
1901,Between Us,https://mydramalist.com/733381-between-us,Romance,"Triple S, Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series ",Unknown,8.7,6,6,"['Jeong Hye Rin', 'Ryu Yi Jae', 'Yoon Dong Jin', 'Seo Hye Bin']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1902,The Birth of a Nation,https://mydramalist.com/690105-the-birth-of-a-nation,"Comedy,  Sitcom","Family, Adapted From A Webtoon, Miniseries ",The story of a family that founded a new nation.~~ Adapted from a webtoon of the same title.,8.6,4,2,"['Zuho', 'Park Sang Myun', 'Yoon Yoo Sun', 'Im Do Hwa', 'Park Sang Hoon']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1903,Han River Ballad,https://mydramalist.com/5344-han-river-ballad,"Romance,  Life",Family ,"""Song of the Han River"" is a story of life and love involving a vibrant middle-aged woman, her two daughters, a niece, a nephew, and a cast of other characters surrounding them. The woman, named Kim Yeong Hui, is a widow who sells fish to support her family. Through their often turbulent lives, we are able to experience the difficulties of a not uncommon family and the persistence of the love its members have for one another. ""Song of the Han River"" is a warm but enervating story of ordinary people dealing with the normal difficulties of life.(Source: MBC Global Media)",8.6,5,51,"['Kim Hye Soo', 'Go Doo Shim', 'Kim Suk Hoon', 'Choi Min Soo', 'Kim Gyu Ri', 'Kim Hye Ok']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Choi Jong Soo,Kim Jung Soo
1904,Eyes of Dawn,https://mydramalist.com/2970-eyes-of-dawn,"Action,  Historical,  Romance,  Drama","Comfort Women, Sexual Abuse, Japanese Colonial Rule, Historical Fiction, Secondary Couple, Forbidden Love, Torture, Pre-produced, Espionage, Crime ","""Eyes of Dawn"" is the story of three young Koreans caught in the maelstrom of the nation's modern history. Spanning from the colonial period to the Korean War, the series brought to attention such issues as Japanese war crimes (especially the existence of 'comfort women') and the tragedies wrought by Korea's ideological divisions.(Source: DramaWiki)~~ Adapted from the novel by Kim Seong Jong.",8.5,61,36,"['Park Sang Won', 'Chae Shi Ra', 'Choi Jae Sung', 'Park Geun Hyung', 'Choi Bool Am', 'Lee Jung Gil']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Kim Jong Hak,Song Ji Na
1905,Love in Your Bosom,https://mydramalist.com/12398-love-in-your-bosom,Romance,"Poor Female Lead, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Rich Male Lead ","Jin Joo is a middle-class girl who works odd jobs to keep her family afloat. Poong Ho is the son of a rich and affluent  chabeol family who own a mall. When Jin Joo begins working at the clothing store in the mall and catches Poong Ho's eyes, he begins to pursue her while struggling to keep possession of the company amongst schemings of the family's rivals. (Source: Jungjeon-mama at MyDramaList)",8.5,4,16,"['Shin Ae Ra', 'Cha In Pyo', 'Lee Seung Yeon', 'Chun Ho Jin', 'Lee Jin Woo', 'Park Sang Ah']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Lee Jin Suk,Lee Sun Mi
1906,Fantasy Timing,https://mydramalist.com/47017-fantasy-timing,"Life,  Family",Unknown,Unknown,8.5,3,16,"['Lee Hoon', 'Brian Joo', 'Kang Se Jung', 'Heo Jin', 'Choi Min', 'Han Tae Il']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1907,Tree With Deep Roots,https://mydramalist.com/3511-tree-with-deep-roots,"Historical,  Drama","King Male Lead, Historical Figure, Historical Fiction, Sejong The Great, Royalty, Joseon Dynasty ","The second installment in the 500 Years of Joseon Dynasty series covers the first half of the 15th Century, during the reign of King Sejong.",8.5,8,29,"['Kim Young Ae', 'Han In Soo', 'Jung Wook', 'Song Ki Yoon', 'Lee Jung Gil', 'Kim Young Ran']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Lee Byung Hoon,Shin Bong Seung
1908,SM Culture Universe,https://mydramalist.com/711053-black-mamba,Music,"Short Length Series, Aespa, K-Pop, Miniseries ",Unknown,8.5,68,3,"['Karina', 'Giselle', 'Winter', 'Ningning', 'Kim Sung Gon', 'Kim Su Gyeom']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1909,Three Guys and Three Girls,https://mydramalist.com/5402-three-guys-and-three-girls,"Comedy,  Romance",Unknown,"""Guys and Girls"" is the first youth sitcom in Korea. Three guys -- Shin Dong Yeop, Song Seung Hun and Hong Kyung In; and three girls -- Lee Ui Jung, Woo Hee Jin and Lee Jae Nee, live in the same university lodging house. Comedic adventures ensue as the group of six explores friendship and love. Lee Ui Jung, with her quirky hairstyle, is the star of the show as she leads the audience through her relationship with Song Seung Hun’s character.(Source: Arirang)",8.4,3,617,"['Song Seung Heon', 'Lee Eui Jung', 'Shin Dong Yup', 'Hong Kyung In', 'Woo Hee Jin', 'Chae Jung An']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,"Yoo Woon Hyuk,  Kwon Ik Joon","Yang Hee Seung,  Baek Sun Woo,  Myung Soo Hyun"
1910,Our Happy Ending,https://mydramalist.com/1505-our-happy-ending,Drama,"Miniseries, Family ",The drama is about the discords and meanings of a family seen though the eyes of a child.,8.3,4,2,"['Nam Ji Hyun', 'Park Sang Myun', 'Do Ji Won', 'Park Soo Jin', 'Gong Ki Tak', 'Jo Shi Nae']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Noh Do Cheol,Unknown
1911,Son of the Wind,https://mydramalist.com/8998-son-of-the-wind,Drama,Unknown,"This is a saga of the character and reality, taking place in the '70s and '80s surrounding two families torn in hatred and conflict based on political differences. The main ingredient is the bittersweet love of two archrivals' offsprings who fall desperately in love. San, separated from his siblings, is adopted by a lawmaker Moo Hyeok. He faces difficulties in adjusting himself in the family due to the generally degrading atmosphere in his adoptive family as well as his constant longing for his own siblings. But then he meets his love of life, Yeon Hee, and finds a light at the end of the tunnel. Unfortunately, Yeon Hee marries Moo Hyeok's eldest Son, Yoo Sung, to rebuild her family fortune after the father loses in the election.",8.3,4,20,"['Kim Hee Sun', 'Lee Byung Hun', 'Son Chang Min', 'Jung Seung Ho', 'Kim Yeong Cheol', 'Park Geun Hyung']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Unknown,Son Young Mok
1912,The Most Beautiful Goodbye in the World,https://mydramalist.com/25251-the-most-beautiful-goodbye-in-the-world,"Life,  Drama,  Family,  Melodrama",Miniseries ,"Ordinary middle-aged woman In-Hee has a husband, a son and a daughter. One day, In-Hee learns that she has a terminal cancer. From that moment her family begins to realize how important she is to their family.For years, In-Hee suffered from Polyuria (frequent urination) so she asked her husband, who is a doctor, to check her condition, but her husband was indifferent enough to refuse. But now, her husband regrets his past indifference and her daughter, who fell in love with a married man, realizes her mom's existance from the wife of the man who she loves. In-Hee's mother-in-law also regrets her cold behavior to In-Hee.Since In-Hee's condition cannot be cured all her family can do is provide comfort and let her die peacefully ...",8.3,6,4,"['Kim Young Ok', 'Na Moon Hee', 'Joo Hyun', 'Maeng Sang Hoon', 'Lee Min Young', 'Kim Dong Joo']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Park Jong,Noh Hee Kyung
1913,Ring Ring,https://mydramalist.com/12665-ring-ring,Music,"Singer Female Lead, Chasing A Dream, Miniseries ",A young girl dreams of becoming a singer.,8.3,8,2,"['Lee Dong Gun', 'Lee Da Hae', 'Kim Hyung Ja', 'Ha Yoo Mi', 'Jung Tae Woo']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Unknown,Unknown
1914,"Oh, Yeojeong",https://mydramalist.com/47047-oh-yeojeong-summer,"Romance,  Life","Summer Setting, Miniseries, Web Series, Friendship ","A story about Yeo Jung's summer trip, who travelled alone again due to a friend's sudden cancellation to accompany her.(Source: MyDramaList)",8.3,3,2,"['Lee So Hee', 'Jung Soo Ji', 'Yoo Eden', 'Im Chul Soo', 'Han Il Kyu']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
1915,Smashing on Your Back,https://mydramalist.com/26490-smashing-on-your-back,"Comedy,  Sitcom",Family ,"A sitcom about a family that’s struggling to survive, living with the in-laws, and dreaming of getting back up on their feet.(Source: MyDramaList)",8.2,7,50,"['Park Young Gyu', 'Kwon Oh Jung', 'Park Hae Mi', 'Hwang Woo Seul Hye', 'Uhm Hyun Kyung', 'Lee Hyun Jin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,TV Chosun,"Lee Kwang Jae,  Kim Jung Shik","Lee Young Chul,  Kim Hyung Min"
1916,Human Theatre 2010,https://mydramalist.com/15909-human-theatre-2010,"Comedy,  Drama,  Documentary",Miniseries ,"Throughout a series of events, Park Jung Min has to make decisions that will affect the course of his life.",8.2,6,6,['Park Jung Min'],Not Yet Rated,MBC every1,Unknown,Unknown
1917,The Secret of the Grand Mansion,https://mydramalist.com/701941-the-secret-of-the-grand-mansion-the-missing-girls,"Mystery,  Comedy","Short Length Series, Miniseries, Investigation, Friendship ","""The Secret of the Grand Mansion: The Missing Girls"" features ten members of WJSN - Seola, EXY, Bona, Soobin, Luda, Dawon, Eunseo, Yeoreum, Dayoung, and Yeonjung - seen drifting on an empty planet after an inexplicable horror derailed their travel to an awards ceremony. With the girls finding the Grand Mansion, the story begins as their curiosity is piqued with traces of someone in the mansion.(Source: kpopstarz.com)",8.2,26,10,"['Bona', 'Seola', 'EXY', 'Eunseo', 'Lee Lu Da', 'Im Da Young']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1918,Crash! Insignificant Reunion,https://mydramalist.com/59475-crash-insignificant-reunion,"Comedy,  Youth","Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series, Friendship ","""The crazy reunion of friends who haven't seen each other for ten years"".Ten years later, a crazy reunion of petty neighbors took place, where we learn how our crazy boys have changed.",8.2,93,4,"['Y', 'Lee Jang Jun', 'Choi Bo Min', 'Hong Joo Chan', 'Kim Dong Hyun', 'Kim Ji Beom']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,vLive,Unknown,Unknown
1919,Miracle,https://mydramalist.com/5864-miracle,Drama,"Miniseries, Terminal Illness, Family ","Discovering that he is in the final stages of lung cancer, Jang Young Chul reassesses his life and begins to understand the meaning of family, love and work. This drama examines the origins and reality of the constant conflict between husband and wife, and parent and child.",8.2,4,4,"['Jang Yong', 'Park Won Sook', 'Hyun Suk', 'Jung Gi Sung', 'Sa Kang', 'Yoo Jung Suk']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Unknown,Noh Hee Kyung
1920,Oh My God Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/11804-oh-my-god-2-2012,"Comedy,  Romance,  Sitcom",Family ,"Just like the first season, second season of the sitcom still based on the lives of married couples but with some different characters.",8.2,3,26,"['Lee Byung Joon', 'Song Chae Hwan', 'Kang Tae Sung', 'Ha Joo Hee', 'Seo Woo Jin', 'Lee Eung Kyung']",Not Yet Rated,SBS Plus,Unknown,Unknown
1921,Golden Wagon,https://mydramalist.com/12701-golden-wagon,Family,Unknown,Unknown,8.2,3,201,"['Im Ji Eun', 'Uhm Ji Won', 'Lee In Hye', 'Lee Joo Hyun', 'Yeo Woon Kye', 'Geum Bo Ra']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Lee Hyung Sun,Choi Yoon Jung
1922,If You Only Knew,https://mydramalist.com/12803-if-you-only-knew,"Comedy,  Romance",Unknown,"Follows a group of twenty-somethings in their pursuit of education, honest work and love.(Source: DramaWiki)",8.2,4,19,"['Cha Soo Yeon', 'Oh Yoon Ah', 'Ji Hyun Woo', 'Kang Ji Hwan', 'Jung Kyung Ho', 'Lee Soo Kyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Kim Hyoung Seok,  Jun Chang Geun",Kim Eun Hee
1923,A Day for Romance,https://mydramalist.com/26729-a-day-for-romance,Drama,Miniseries ,A drama about the love story between two couples.,8.2,3,6,"['Kim Yoo Han', 'Jung Jung Ran', 'Shin Sung Hoon', 'Baek Bum Soo']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
1924,Room Of Her Own,https://mydramalist.com/41513-room-of-her-own,"Life,  Youth","Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series ",Unknown,8.2,3,9,"['Lee Seol', 'Kim Hyung Suk', 'Kim Young Shik', 'Seung You']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1925,My Daughter's Just Like Me,https://mydramalist.com/71203-my-daughter-s-just-like-me,"Drama,  Family","Short Length Series, Miniseries, Mother-Daughter Relationship, Web Series ",Unknown,8.2,8,6,['Lee Myung Joon'],Not Yet Rated,MBC,Go Nak Gyun,Unknown
1926,Welcome to Amazon,https://mydramalist.com/78405-welcome-to-amazon,Drama,"Amusement Park Setting, Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series ",Unknown,8.2,3,8,"['Im Sung Kyun', 'Lee Song Kyung', 'Lee Joo Ha']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1927,Artist Disappearance Case,https://mydramalist.com/699757-artist-disappearance-case,"Adventure,  Thriller,  Mystery,  Fantasy","Investigation, Supernatural, Suspense, Web Series, Writer Female Lead, Fictional World, Interactive, Miniseries, Teleportation, Crossworlds Traveler ",About two men and women fighting against any adversity in order to save the famous writer 'Rebecca' who could not bear the heavy weight of life and escaped into the novel.(Source: Naver),8.2,4,10,"['Park Moon Hwa', 'Yoon Sang Jung', 'Han Hae In']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Kim Do Won,Unknown
1928,Scary Girl,https://mydramalist.com/1459-scary-girl,Romance,Unknown,"Choi Young Rim was in a car accident with her mom. She was driving when the car fell off a cliff and caught on fire. Her face was burned, her mom died, and she was later dumped by her boyfriend, Ha Kyung Po. Kyung Po deserts Young Rim for a rich girl, Baek Eun Mae. But Young Rim is pregnant with Kyung Po's child and decides to have surgery to get her face fixed so that she can take revenge. Baek Jung Jin is Eun Mae's cousin.",8.1,6,127,"['Choi Jung Yoon', 'Kang Tae Sung', 'Noh Joo Hyun', 'Yoon Ji Sook', 'Kim Ji Woo', 'Yoo Ji In']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Jung Hyo,Seo Young Myung
1929,Byul Soon Geom Season 3,https://mydramalist.com/3230-byul-soon-geom-3,"Historical,  Mystery","Forensic Medical Examiner Male Lead, Detective Fiction, Investigator Female Lead, Historical Fiction, Forensic Science, Multiple Mains, Joseon Dynasty, Investigation ","Shin Jung Hoo leads a new generation of criminal investigators that use forensic procedures and scientific methods to solve mysterious crimes, with a new focus on criminal psychology and profiling: Cha Gun Woo, a profiling expert who uses his good looks and natural charm to appeal to females and elicit testimony, the rookie investigator Seo Yeon Doo, veteran Choi Do Gon, and coroner Park Choong Ok.",8.1,16,20,"['Jung Ho Bin', 'Oh Min Suk', 'Min Ji Ah', 'Sung Ji Ru', 'Lee Doo Il', 'Lee Jae Eun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC Dramanet,"Park Soo Cheol,  Lee Seung Young,  Kim Mi Sook","Kang Hyun Sung,  Nam Sang Wook"
1930,Ghost,https://mydramalist.com/9000-ghost,Drama,Unknown,"The story of the new millenium's hero to settle the chaos at the end of the century. Dal Shik, this new generation punk with spiritual abilities, and Dae Hyup, who loses his fiance at the hands of a grudge holding criminal. The feud of the ghosts and the strength to overcome fate through a reporter who looks amazingly like Dae Hyup's dead fiance.",8.1,6,16,"['Jang Dong Gun', 'Park Ji Yoon', 'Kim Min Jong', 'Myung Se Bin', 'Kim Sang Joong', 'Kim Ha Neul']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Unknown,Kang Eun Kyung
1931,Daddy Fish,https://mydramalist.com/12503-daddy-fish,"Drama,  Melodrama","Sick Son, Miniseries, Father-Son Relationship ",This drama is about the love of a father for his son who has leukemia.,8.1,9,4,"['Jeong Bo Seok', 'Yoo Seung Ho', 'Park Ji Young', 'Park Geun Hyung', 'Yun Kyu Jin', 'Kim Jung Nan']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Choi Yi Sup,Unknown
1932,Oh My God! Tip Series 2,https://mydramalist.com/48929-oh-my-god-tip-series-2,Romance,"Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series ",Unknown,8.1,17,4,"['Park Kyung', 'Eunha']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
1933,The Memoirs of Lady Hyegyeong,https://mydramalist.com/9471-the-memoirs-of-lady-hyegyeong,"Historical,  Drama",Unknown,"The Memoirs of Lady Hyegyeong, or Hanjungnok, was written by Lady Hyegyeong and recounted her ill-fated life first as Crown Princess, consort of Prince Sado, then his widow when he was executed, and later the mother of King Jeongjo. This collection of memoirs also contained considerable information about the rule of King Yeongjo, father of Prince Sado, and provided the basis of the ninth episode of the 500 Years of Joseon Dynasty.",8.1,4,62,"['Choi Soo Jong', 'Choi Myung Gil', 'Byun Hee Bong', 'Kim Sung Won', 'Lee Kye In', 'Sun Woo Jae Duk']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Lee Byung Hoon,Shin Bong Seung
1934,Dream Maker,https://mydramalist.com/740227-dream-maker,"Drama,  Sci-Fi","Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series ",Unknown,8.1,4,8,"['Lee Soo Jung', 'Kim Jae Won', 'Kim Joon Ho', 'Ahn Young Hoon', 'Shin Yun Je', 'Yoon Sa Ra']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Kim Seung Tae,Unknown
1935,More Than Love,https://mydramalist.com/9813-more-than-love,"Comedy,  Romance","Fraternal Twin Female Lead, Death Of A Father, Family Relationship, Death ","Twin sisters, Kyung Joo and Hee Joo have led different lives since early childhood due to their parents' divorce. Kyung Joo has lived with the father working in a rural railway station whereas Hee Joo lived with her mother in Seoul. Yet, father soon dies of fatal sickness and Kyung Joo has to come to Seoul in order to live with her mother and twin sister, in a totally different environment. This drama reviews two distinctly different lives of twin sisters - Kyung Joo's aim in life is to lead a happy life in her marriage with Dong Hee while Hee Joo is a career woman who has high ambitions for herself. What is the true value in a woman's life, career or marriage?",8.1,5,52,"['Lee Tae Ran', 'Ryu Jin', 'Kim Ji Ho', 'Kim Ho Jin', 'Park Yong Ha', 'Kim Young Ae']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Unknown,Unknown
1936,TV Novel,https://mydramalist.com/1106-tv-novel-beautiful-days,"Romance,  Drama","Brother-Sister Relationship, Shy Female Lead, Playboy Male Lead, Older Man/Younger Woman, Opposites Attract, 1970s, Mother-Daughter Relationship, Father-Son Relationship, Male Chases Female First, Mean Mother ",The drama is about 4 siblings living in the 1970s. Their family was poor but they hoped for a better life. Hyang Sook stole her brother's tuition money because her mother believed that she could succeed. It depicts the story of their lives and their search for a better life.,8.1,20,149,"['Jeon Ik Ryung', 'Park Gri Na', 'Choi Kyu Hwan', 'Choi Jin Hyuk', 'Choi Won Young', 'Song Ok Sook']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS1,Jun Chang Geun,Hong Young Hee
1937,Blue Tower Returns,https://mydramalist.com/12727-blue-tower-returns,"Military,  Comedy,  Drama,  Sitcom",Unknown,The third season will focus on the last year sergeant squad in the army.,8.1,4,14,"['Choi Jong Hoon', 'Kim Jae Woo', 'Kim Ho Chang', 'Lee Yong Joo', 'Kim Sung Won', 'Song Young Jae']",Not Yet Rated,tvN,Min Jin Gi,Unknown
1938,SPUNK,https://mydramalist.com/52971-spunk,Drama,"Housemates' Relationship, Web Series, Music ","In addition to the main story, the hidden story unfolds through Instagram!",8.1,8,13,"['Kriesha Chu', 'Timoteo', 'Yoo Byung Hoon', 'Park Joon Mok']",G - All Ages,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
1939,Late Night Hospital,https://mydramalist.com/3029-late-night-hospital,"Mystery,  Medical","Investigation, Death, Murder, Miniseries ","Heo Joon (Yoon Tae Young) is a doctor. His wife was killed by an unidentified man right in front of him. Since the murder, he quit his job at a university hospital and searches out for his wife’s killer. He opens a secret late night clinic to capture the killer. Hong Na Kyung (Ryu Hyun Kyung) is a surgeon at Heo Joon’s clinic. [koreandrama.org]",8.1,18,10,"['Yoon Tae Young', 'Wang Bit Na', 'Ryu Hyun Kyung', 'Baek Won Gil', 'Choi Jung Woo', 'Yoo Yeon Seok']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,"Choi Joon Bae,  Lee Jae Jin,  Kwon Sung Chang,  Jung Ji In,  Choi Eun Gyung","Go Jung Won,  Lee Hyun Joo,  Won Young Ok"
1940,Ice Flower,https://mydramalist.com/12050-ice-flower,"Romance,  Drama",Unknown,Unknown,8.1,7,139,"['Jo Min Soo', 'Jang Dong Jik', 'Choi Jae Won', 'Kim Young Ran', 'Lee Hyun Kyung', 'Kim Bo Yun']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Unknown,Lee Hee Myung
1941,Welcome to Heal Inn,https://mydramalist.com/31403-welcome-to-heal-inn,"Food,  Life","Short Length Series, K-Pop, Miniseries, Web Series, Friendship ",Unknown,8.1,45,4,"['Lee Sae Rom', 'Song Ha Young', 'Park Ji Won', 'Roh Ji Sun', 'Lee Chae Young', 'Lee Na Gyung']",Not Yet Rated,vLive,Unknown,Unknown
1942,Kuk Hee,https://mydramalist.com/9738-kuk-hee,"Drama,  Family",Unknown,Unknown,8.0,6,20,"['Kim Hye Soo', 'Kim Ki Hyun', 'Son Chang Min', 'Jung Sun Kyung', 'Jung Dong Hwan', 'Park Young Gyu']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Lee Joo Hwan,Unknown
1943,We See Winter,https://mydramalist.com/33311-we-see-winter,Drama,"Winter Setting, K-Pop, Miniseries, Web Series, Friendship ",Unknown,8.0,44,2,"['Lee Sae Rom', 'Song Ha Young', 'Park Ji Won', 'Roh Ji Sun', 'Lee Chae Young', 'Lee Na Gyung']",Not Yet Rated,vLive,Unknown,Unknown
1944,Thunder Store Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/11802-store-struck-by-lightning-2,"Mystery,  Youth,  Fantasy","Special Power, Investigation, Friendship ","This new season will tell the story about how the children using the powers of lightning, protect the mysterious future energy and fight the villains.",8.0,12,12,"['Jung Da Bin', 'Kang Han Byul', 'Roh Jeong Eui', 'Yoo Jun', 'Yang Han Yeol', 'Oh Kyung Soo']",G - All Ages,Tooniverse,Unknown,Unknown
1945,Soonpoong Clinic,https://mydramalist.com/5439-soonpoong-clinic,"Comedy,  Sitcom",Unknown,"This daily sitcom revolves around the quirky family who owns the Soonpoong Clinic, an obstetrics and gynecology hospital; the father, a gynecologist who is afraid of performing surgery, his wife, who has to take care of all the chores as well as the whole family, and the four very different daughters.",8.0,18,682,"['Sun Woo Yong Nyeo', 'Park Mi Sun', 'Lee Tae Ran', 'Kim So Yeon', 'Song Hye Kyo', 'Oh Ji Myung']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,"Kim Jin Young,  Kim Byung Wook","Song Jae Jung,  Yang Hee Seung,  Jun Hyun Jin"
1946,Finding Love,https://mydramalist.com/1429-finding-love,Romance,"Miniseries, Friendship ","The drama is about four young people's stories of love, friendship, amidst reality and romance. Kim Yoon Seo is a woman who wavers between her perfect lover, Ji Won, and her friend of 10 years, Kang Hyuk. But Min Yong is already engaged to Chae Yi Yun.",8.0,6,4,"['Alex', 'Choi Min Yong', 'Yoon Ji Min']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Unknown,Unknown
1947,Queen of Ahyun,https://mydramalist.com/2673-queen-of-ahyun,"Law,  Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Older Woman/Younger Man, Family ",Wang Hee Ji will be in the role of a public prosecutor who meets and falls in love with another prosecutor who is 12 years younger than her.,8.0,7,204,"['Wang Hee Ji', 'Kim Min Sung', 'Baek Ok Dam', 'Park Hye Sook', 'Keum Dan Bi', 'Kyung Kyoo Won']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Son Moon Kwon,Unknown
1948,TV Novel,https://mydramalist.com/3472-tv-novel-as-the-river-flows,"Romance,  Drama",Unknown,"Set in the late 1960s, this drama covers the story of two generations of three families, who go through turbulent times by loving, suffering, wandering, and failing due to entangled relationships that have their roots in their father's generation.",8.0,3,198,"['Kim Yoon Kyung', 'Kim Hyuk', 'Lee Pil Mo', 'Kyeon Mi Ri', 'Ban Hyo Jung', 'Kim Mi Sook']",Not Yet Rated,KBS1,Kim Won Suk,Unknown
1949,Oh My God,https://mydramalist.com/11768-oh-my-god-2011,"Comedy,  Romance,  Sitcom",Family ,A sitcom about a couple 20 years into marriage and another couple 3 months into marriage.,8.0,6,40,"['Lee Eung Kyung', 'Lee Byung Joon', 'Won Ki Joon', 'Kim Ye Won', 'Park Joon Geum', 'Hwang Bo']",Not Yet Rated,SBS Plus,Unknown,Unknown
1950,Women Above Flowers,https://mydramalist.com/12106-women-above-flowers,"Romance,  Drama",Unknown,"Between man and society, people and customs, and between individuals, there exists invisible walls that separate each entity, preventing them from overstepping boundaries, but also from truly understanding each other. This is the story of strong women who are determined to break down these walls in order to achieve success in their work and relationships.",8.0,3,20,"['Sa Kang', 'Choi Myung Gil', 'Woo Hee Jin', 'Lee Kyung Jin', 'Lee Young Bum', 'Lee Joo Hyun']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Kim Jung Min,Unknown
1951,My Platoon Leader,https://mydramalist.com/12673-my-platoon-leader,Military,Miniseries ,Unknown,8.0,3,4,"['Sung Yoo Ri', 'Yoon Tae Young', 'Lee Hoon', 'Seo Kyung Suk', 'Kang Rae Yeon', 'Park In Hwan']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Unknown,Unknown
1952,"Everyone, at Least Once",https://mydramalist.com/735863-everyone-at-least-once,"Romance,  Drama","Short Length Series, Ex-Boyfriend Comes Back, Blind Date, Infidelity, Web Series, First Love ",Unknown,8.0,3,13,"['Jang So Mang', 'Kim Dong Hyun']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1953,Perfect Love,https://mydramalist.com/2456-perfect-love-2003,"Romance,  Drama",Unknown,"The course of the husband learning the true meaning of love, when his wife struggle for her life with deadly sickness This love story illustrates the conflicts and dynamics of an older wife, who lives her life to the fullest despite her poor background, and a younger husband of hers, who was raised in an affluent upper class family. The process of them falling in love, getting married, and facing the difficulties along the way, is portrayed and the course of the juvenile husband learning the true meanings of love, when his wife struggles for her life with deadly sickness, is tragically and beautifully illustrated.[AsianMediaWiki]",8.0,8,24,"['Kim Hee Ae', 'Cha In Pyo', 'Lee Seung Yeon', 'Park Ji Bin', 'Kim Sung Won', 'Park Ji Young']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Son Moon Kwon,Kim Soo Hyun
1954,HOW-TO,https://mydramalist.com/40197-how-to,"Comedy,  Life","Short Length Series, Web Series, Sketch Comedy ",Unknown,8.0,11,12,"['Ji Ye Eun', 'Han Gyu Won', 'Im Hwi Jin']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1955,Welcome to My Lab Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/60657-welcome-to-my-lab-2,"Romance,  Youth","School Setting, Science, Adapted From A Manhwa, Student, Friendship ",Unknown,8.0,11,11,"['Yoo Jun', 'Jung Taek Hyun', 'Park Si Eun', 'Jung Sung Young', 'Choi Min Young', 'Ryu Han Bi']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Tooniverse,Unknown,Unknown
1956,Don't Be Swayed,https://mydramalist.com/2702-dont-be-swayed,Romance,Soap Opera ,"The drama is about the love and lives of the children of a couple that remarried. Soo Hyun lies about her family's background in order to get approval from the mother of the man who she hopes to marry. This in turn causes tensions in Soo Hyun's family because of the lies that she told. Min Jung is Soo Hyun's stepsister by marriage. When Min Jung suddenly meets Kang Pil, she feels attracted to him but is devastated when Kang Pil is revealed to be her stepsister's fiancee. (Source: DramaWiki)",8.0,5,164,"['Hong Eun Hee', 'Kim Nam Jin', 'Kim Da In', 'Jung Sung Woon', 'Sun Woo Eun Sook', 'Lee Yoo Jung']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,"Baek Ho Min,  Park Soo Cheol",Lee Hong Goo
1957,Say it With Your Eyes,https://mydramalist.com/12601-say-it-with-your-eyes,"Romance,  Drama",Unknown,Unknown,8.0,5,54,"['Jeon Hye Jin', 'Kam Woo Sung', 'Ryu Hyun Kyung', 'Ham Shin Young', 'Sa Mi Ja', 'Lee Jung Gil']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Go Dong Sun,Kim Soon Ok
1958,Oh My Captain,https://mydramalist.com/61145-oh-my-captain,"Military,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Web Series, Melodrama ","it is set in South Korea where all citizens, including women, have to serve the two-year mandatory military service currently reserved for men. The story takes place in an all-female mobilization reserve division and features an exciting mix of cast including actress Ha Yeon-joo (Left-handed Wife) and former K-pop idols turned actors Kim Dong-hyun (Good Morning Double-Decker Bus), Kim Ye-won (Class of Lies), Jei (Flower Crew: Joseon Marriage Agency), and Jeon Min-ju.Source: kdramapal",8.0,9,20,"['Kim Dong Hyun', 'Ha Yun Joo', 'Kim Ye Won', 'Jei', 'Jeon Min Ju', 'Yoon Jung Hoon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Naver TV Cast,Lee Jong Pil,Unknown
1959,Revenge and Passion,https://mydramalist.com/12446-revenge-and-passion,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Gangster Male Lead, Gang ","A young drifter, Kang Joon Ho, who got involved in gang life, falls in love with a hairdresser, Min Joo and then tries to straight.",8.0,5,16,"['Ahn Jae Wook', 'Oh Yeon Soo', 'Kim  Il Woo', 'Kim Byung Gi', 'Son Chang Min', 'Kwon Hae Hyo']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Jang Yong Woo,"Kim Ki Ho,  Lee Sun Mi"
1960,White Nights 3.98,https://mydramalist.com/9001-white-nights-3.98,"Action,  Drama",North And South Korea ,"In the civil war between North and South Korea, the tension within was high, especially when a mission was hooked with national secrets. A black box, hence, because the key to the struggle. Success, would never come so easily. However, amid the brutal fight for the key-the black box of a crashed battleplane, the male and female spy from the two different nations fell in love with each other. They helped each other secretly, in order to complete their corresponding mission, for the sake of loyalty - and love.However, a fatal plane crash of battleplane occured and finally they sacrifice their valuable love and lives for the peace of human world.",8.0,12,20,"['Choi Min Soo', 'Lee Byung Hun', 'Shim Eun Ha', 'Jung Woong In', 'Kim Ye Ryung', 'Kim Byung Gi']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Kim Jong Hak,Kang Eun Kyung
1961,I've Got My Eye on You,https://mydramalist.com/15865-ive-got-my-eye-on-you,Business,"School Setting, College To Working Life, University, Miniseries, Student ",This short drama tells the stories about college students who start a new business.,8.0,7,2,"['Ryu Deok Hwan', 'Jang Young Nam', 'Kwon Yool', 'Seo Joon Young', 'Choi Tae Hwan', 'Lee Chang Wook']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Lee Jung Heum,Kim Hyun Jung
1962,Three Kingdom Wars - Imjin War 1592,https://mydramalist.com/19822-three-kingdom-wars-imjin-war-1592,"Historical,  Documentary",Miniseries ,"This docudrama depicts political situations in Joseon, Myung Dynasty, and Japan during the Imjin War.",8.1,12,5,"['Choi Soo Jong', 'Kim Eung Soo', 'Takeda Hiromitsu', 'Lee Chul Min', 'Jung Jin', 'Jo Jae Wan']",Not Yet Rated,KBS1,Unknown,Unknown
1963,Dae Jo Yeong,https://mydramalist.com/4350-dae-jo-yeong,"Historical,  War","Leadership, Balhae Dynasty, King Male Lead, Historical Fiction, Royalty ","The drama tells the story of the life of Dae Jo Yeong, also known as the founder of the kingdom of Balhae.",8.0,175,134,"['Park Ye Jin', 'Hong Soo Hyun', 'Jeong Bo Seok', 'Choi Soo Jong', 'Jun Hyun', 'Go In Beom']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS1,Unknown,Jang Young Chul
1964,Shin Don,https://mydramalist.com/3830-shin-don,"Historical,  Drama,  Political","King Male Lead, Historical Fiction, Royalty, Goryeo Dynasty ","In order to make sure that Koryo was free, Gong Min Wang married a woman he did not love. The Mongolians ruled Koryo so Gong Min Wang married the Mongolian princess in hopes that one day Koryo could be freed. Shin Don was a Buddhist priest who both Queen Nokuk and King Gong Min depended on for advice in ruling Koryo.(Source: DramaWiki)",8.0,49,61,"['Seo Ji Hye', 'Son Chang Min', 'Jeong Bo Seok', 'Kim Yeo Jin', 'Kang Moon Young', 'Kim Hye Ri']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Kim Jin Min,Jung Ha Yeon
1965,Our D-Day,https://mydramalist.com/746959-our-d-day,"Comedy,  Youth,  Drama","School Setting, Flashback To Past, Slight Comedy, Attempted Suicide, Depression, Road Trip, Black Comedy, Miniseries, High School, Web Series ","Kim Moo Young, Heo Won Ho and Baek Ji Soo have been friends since high school. Now in their 30s, each of them is struggling in their own way. Moo Young works at a dead end job in a convenience store. Won Ho gave up his dream of writing music to work in an advertising agency. Meanwhile, Ji Soo is an aspiring movie director. Moo Young had a crush on Woori in high school.One day, Moo Young's friends, who have no concept of personal space, decide that they should go on a road trip together. Unbeknownst to his friends, Moo Young who is struggling with depression has been planning to commit suicide.",8.0,50,6,"['Shon Min Ho', 'Shin Yeon Suh', 'Jung Jun Hwan', 'Yun Ha Bin', 'Seo Hye Won']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Baek Min Hee,Unknown
1966,Who's My Love,https://mydramalist.com/12653-whos-my-love,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Big Family, Multiple Couples, Family ","Three generations of the Kim family all live together in an apartment-like building with a veterinarian office and a cafe on the first floor. The family also have 5 unmarried children ready to say ""Who's My Love"", and even with 82 episodes, will all 5 first find and then keep their love?",8.0,8,84,"['Yoon Da Hoon', 'Lee Tae Ran', 'Ryu Jin', 'Myung Se Bin', 'Lee Seung Yeon', 'Kim Jung Hyun']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Jung Eul Young,Kim Soo Hyun
1967,Entertain Us,https://mydramalist.com/13749-entertain-us,"Comedy,  Drama","Idol Male Lead, Famous Male Lead, K-Pop, Miniseries ",Yoon Jong Shin’s ambition is to raise an existing idol group to the top.,8.0,16,6,"['Yoon Jong Shin', 'Lee Byung Hun', 'Jo Jung Chi', 'Niel', 'Chang Jo', 'Park Ji Yoon']",Not Yet Rated,Mnet,Unknown,Unknown
1968,Fall In Mulberry,https://mydramalist.com/51479-fall-in-mulberry,"Food,  Comedy,  Romance,  Youth","Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series ",About a fusion restaurant and three people who find work and love in there.,8.0,6,9,"['Jo A Young', 'Lee Shi Kang', 'Kim Soo An', 'Song Chae Yun', 'Yeo Ho Min', 'Hyun Bong Sik']",Not Yet Rated,Genie TV,Unknown,Unknown
1969,Oh My God! Tip Series 3,https://mydramalist.com/48931-oh-my-god-tip-series-3,Romance,"Miniseries, Web Series ",Unknown,8.0,15,4,"['Ken', 'Park Kyung Ri']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
1970,Secret Crushes,https://mydramalist.com/24697-crushes-special-edition,"Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Student Supporting Character, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Young Adult Female Lead, Young Adult Male Lead, University, Miniseries, Web Series, Unrequited Love ",The popular and new characters will be creating a love story that's as real as it gets.,8.0,20,4,"['Yeo Hoe Hyun', 'Yang Hye Ji', 'Park In Hoo', 'Park Sung Woo', 'Kim Soo In', 'Jo Ki Sung']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Lee Na Eun,Unknown
1971,You and I,https://mydramalist.com/5405-you-and-i,"Drama,  Melodrama",Unknown,"Park Jae Chul is an old sailor and a father to three sons and one daughter, Dong Kyu (the eldest), Young Kyu, Sang Ok and Min Kyu (youngest). Dong Kyu is working man and carrying the responsibility as the eldest in his family. He's in-love with Yoon Su Kyung (his co-worker). They work together to overcome all the difficulties to get married. Young Kyu dreams of nothing but money and marrying a rich girl on day. While serving in the military, he tricked a naive country girl Mi Sook who he promised to marry her. Mi Sook becomes blinded by love and provided all his needs. Sang Ok is the only girl in the family. She's a colleague student. Their youngest Min Kyu is a quiet and introvert son. He distances himself from his family and people because he's troubled by the fact that he's from another mother. Though he's a talented painter, he doesn't use his talent much. His brother Young Kyu and the rich girl Shi Yeon always stand by his side and pushes him to be better.",8.0,10,58,"['Park Sang Won', 'Choi Jin Shil', 'Cha In Pyo', 'Song Seung Heon', 'Seo Yoo Jung', 'Choi Bool Am']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Choi Jong Soo,Kim Jung Soo
1972,Dasepo Naughty Girls,https://mydramalist.com/11157-dasepo-naughty-girls-2006,"Comedy,  Life,  Youth","Student Female Lead, School Setting, Teenager Female Lead, Teacher Supporting Character, Short Length Series ","“No-Use High School” is a school renowned for its sexual aberrations and sexually ambiguous teenagers, The student president and vice-present flaunt their taste for S&M. Independent study and supplementary classes are done on homosexuality and transgenderism, and teachers and students alike leave school early because of sexually-transmitted diseases.",8.0,10,38,"['Kwak Ji Min', 'Im Sung Eon', 'Go Joon Hee', 'Cha Yeob', 'Ahn Nae Sang', 'Yoo Jin']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Choi Jin Sung
1973,Turned on by You Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/746213-turned-on-by-you-season-2,Romance,"Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series ",Unknown,7.9,7,7,"['Jo Chan Hyun', 'Park Sun Woo']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1974,White Christmas,https://mydramalist.com/15436-white-christmas,Drama,Miniseries ,Unknown,7.9,21,8,"['Yoo Tae Woong', 'Hwang Soo Jung', 'Yoon Yoo Sun', 'Jo  Min Ki', 'Park Chul', 'Woo Hee Jin']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Unknown,Unknown
1975,Fork You Boss,https://mydramalist.com/59841-fork-you-boss,"Food,  Comedy,  Life,  Sitcom","Office Worker Male Lead, Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series, Cooking, Business ","From Monday to Sunday, 24/7! the main character relieves his stress from work by cooking. If you are like him, you will be thrilled by the way he treats cooking as a process of letting out his pent-up anger and chilling out after a long day. The gorgeous look and sound of food will water your mouth, and watching him savor his carefully prepared food will relieve even your stress and fill you with happiness.(Source: jtbcworldwide)",7.9,24,7,"['Joo Eo Jin', 'Lee Da Hae', 'Kang Tae Young', 'Park Han Sol']",Not Yet Rated,"jTBC,  Naver TV Cast",Unknown,Unknown
1976,Orient Theatre,https://mydramalist.com/1092-orient-theatre,Historical,"Historical Fiction, Japanese Colonial Rule ",Orient Theatre takes place in the early part of the 20th century during the Japanese occupation and is about the people in the theater business struggling for success. (Source: DramaWiki),7.9,5,28,"['Lee Seung Yeon', 'Park In Hwan', 'Park Ji Young', 'Park Chul Ho', 'Jang Tae Sung', 'Jung Sun Kyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Unknown,Unknown
1977,"Magic Kid, Ma Soo Ri",https://mydramalist.com/14174-magic-kid-ma-soo-ri,"Comedy,  Youth,  Fantasy","Witch/Wizard Supporting Character, Wizard Male Lead, Witch Female Lead, Magic, Friendship ","This children drama is about magicians that secretly lived in Korea, to save the world from evil.",7.9,5,496,"['Oh  Seung Yun', 'Yoon Ji Yoo', 'Lee Hong Ki', 'Kim  Gyu Chul', 'Han Bo Bae', 'Kim Na Woon']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Unknown,Unknown
1978,Love Is Jungle,https://mydramalist.com/47313-love-is-jungle,Romance,"Miniseries, Web Series, Unrequited Love ","A love story drawn by music, 'Every time we break up, we love again.' This music web drama stars Yang Ji-won, Lee Joo-bin, Yeon Je-hyeong, and Lee Ho-yeon, who are up-and-coming, tells the story of four individuals, the first love story that everyone remembers as story and music combined. (Source: Daily Economy Korea)",7.9,5,9,"['Yang Ji Won', 'Lee Joo Bin', 'Yeon Je Hyung', 'Lee Ho Yeon']",Not Yet Rated,Oksusu,Unknown,Unknown
1979,King Of The Wind,https://mydramalist.com/4570-king-of-the-wind,"Historical,  Drama","Historical Fiction, Joseon Dynasty ","The drama talks about the complicated relationship between King Young Jo, (21st king of the Joseon dynasty) to his son Sa Do.",7.9,13,34,"['Hong Ri Na', 'Park Geun Hyung', 'Im Ho', 'Kim Sung Ryung', 'Yoon Son Ha', 'Han In Soo']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Unknown,Unknown
1980,Rustic Period,https://mydramalist.com/12663-rustic-period,"Thriller,  Historical,  Drama","Historical Fiction, Japanese Colonial Rule, Suspense ","As a fusion drama on the life of politician Kim Doo Han, the drama tells the life of Kim Doo Han with fact and fiction. Kim Doon Han is the son of the great general Kim Jwah Jin, who fought for Korea against the Japanese during World War II. After his dad dies, Kim Doo Han trains in kung pao and learns to be a leader against the evil Japanese. He finds his own position as boss of the Jong Ro area in Seoul, and vows to protect his own Korean people. Goo Ma Juk, the boss of Seoul, fights against Kim Doo Han in an attempt to hand over the whole Seoul area to the Japanese redevelopment project, pursued by Hyashi. Hyashi himself is a Korean but he ironically lives as a Japanese fighting his own people. Through these many barriers, Kim Doo Han struggles to keep the Korean culture alive, later on becoming a politician after the Korean War.",7.9,23,124,"['Lee Chang Hoon', 'Ahn Jae Mo', 'Lee Won Jong', 'Choi Chul Ho', 'Kim Yeong Cheol', 'Im Hyuk Joo']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Unknown,Lee Hwan Kyung
1981,Fairy Commi,https://mydramalist.com/24060-fairy-commi,"Youth,  Drama,  Family,  Fantasy",Unknown,"Commi was a princess who lived in a kingdom called Super Commi. One day when her kingdom was invaded by the bugs, she came to the real world, outside the computer. There, he met Myung Tae and lives together with his family.",7.9,3,476,"['Jang Geun Suk', 'Yang Taek Jo', 'Son Min Woo']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Unknown,Unknown
1982,I Want to Live an Easy Life,https://mydramalist.com/708077-i-want-to-live-roughly,"Comedy,  Sitcom","Female Centered Plot, Miniseries, Adapted From A Webtoon ","The story of four candid and brazen girlfriends in their 30s who want to be rich but do not like to work hard, are comfortable with being alone but do not like being lonely, and want to live roughly but cannot live roughly.(Source: Korean = Naver || Translation = MyDramaList)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Daechung Salgo Sipseubnida"" (대충 살고 싶습니다) by Hyun Lee (현이씨).",7.9,3,5,"['Go Eun Ah', 'Heo Young Ji', 'Lee Mi So', 'Son Soo Ah']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Go Hyun Gook,Oh Ji Hyun
1983,Encounter,https://mydramalist.com/5445-encounter,Drama,Miniseries ,A young man discovers where his transplanted heart came from.,7.9,26,2,"['Lee Bo Young', 'Kang Kyung Joon', 'Choi Sang Hoon', 'Lee Hye Sook', 'Yoo Ji In', 'Park Eun Bin']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Unknown,Unknown
1984,Iljimae,https://mydramalist.com/9151-iljimae,"Historical,  Drama","Historical Legend, Miniseries, Adapted From A Manhwa ","The Korean version of Robin Hood, ""Il-Ji-Mae"" deals with a hero who helped the unprotected poor men by robbing the rich and the powerful ones.",7.9,21,8,"['Jang Dong Gun', 'Kim Dong Hyun', 'Park Soon Ae', 'Yeom Jung Ah', 'Choi Soo Jong', 'Jun In Taek']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Unknown,Unknown
1985,Welcome to My Lab,https://mydramalist.com/60655-welcome-to-my-lab,"Romance,  Youth","Student Supporting Character, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Principal Supporting Character, Teenager Supporting Character, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, Teacher Supporting Character, School Club ","We follow the journey of students in a science club at Saebyeok School. ~~ Adapted from the comic ""Welcome to My Lab"" (내일은 실험왕) written by Gumdori Co (곰돌이Co) and illustrated by Hong Jung Hyeon (홍종현).",7.9,22,8,"['Jung Sung Young', 'Lee Soo Min', 'Yoo Jun', 'Jung Taek Hyun', 'Park Ga Ram', 'Choi Min Young']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Tooniverse,Unknown,Unknown
1986,Hur Jun,https://mydramalist.com/1482-hur-jun,"Historical,  Medical","King Supporting Character, Queen Supporting Character, Prince Supporting Character, Doctor Male Lead, Historical Figure, Historical Fiction, Joseon Dynasty ","This great historical drama is about the stormy life of Hur Jun, a legendary doctor of the Joseon Dynasty.Hur Jun was the illegitimate child of the governor of Pyongyang (a region in Northern Korea) and spent his days acting as the leader of a smuggling ring. When caught, his father arranged for Hur Jun and his mother to leave for Gyeongsang (a region in Southern Korea). This is where he met the reputable Dr. Yoo, who discovered his talent and interest in medicine and healing people. Soon his life started to make a complete turn from his sordid past, and he went on to become the Emperor's physician.",7.9,153,64,"['Jeon Kwang Ryul', 'Hwang Soo Jung', 'Jo  Hyun Sook', 'Lee Hyun Kyung', 'Cha Kwang Soo', 'Choi Ran']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Lee Byung Hoon,Choi Wan Kyu
1987,Jealousy,https://mydramalist.com/8327-jealousy,Romance,Unknown,"Young Ho and Ha Kyung, who are friends since childhood. As they grow up, Young Ho sees the brash, clumsy and energetic Ha Kyung as nothing but a close friend, and starts dating a junior, Young Ae. Ha Kyung starts feeling sad and jealous due to another person being with Young Ho, and so tries to find her own way through life, while trying to maintain her friendship with Young Ho.(Source : Jungjeon-mama at MyDramaList)",7.9,18,16,"['Choi Jin Shil', 'Choi Soo Jong', 'Lee Eung Kyung', 'Kim Chang Sook', 'Lee Hyo Jung', 'Kim Hye Ri']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Lee Chang Soon,Unknown
1988,Immortal Admiral Yi Sun Shin,https://mydramalist.com/3529-the-immortal-yi-soon-shin,"Action,  Military,  Historical,  Drama","Historical Figure, Historical Fiction, Biographical, Gwanghae, Joseon Dynasty, Martial Arts ","It is late 1598, shortly before the Battle of Noryang, the final confrontation of the Imjin War. The remnants of the Japanese invasion force are desperate to go home but are also driven by the personal motivation to beat their greatest adversary, Admiral Yi Sun Shin, once and for all. Self-serving Ming generals and Joseon officials also fear Yi's growing popularity and its impact on their personal base of power. These incidentally combining ambitions fan King Seon Jo's paranoia and make him eventually fear that Yi might come after his throne, and after a series of what he calls acts of high treason he decides to have Yi arrested.Yi, on the other hand, is determined to teach the Japanese a lesson for the atrocities they committed on the Korean people, and despite orders to remain quiet while the Japanese are to pull out without anymore bloodshed, he rallies his naval force and prepares for the upcoming battle. the battle commences and the Japanese are dealt a crippling blow, but Yi is fatally wounded by an arquebuse bullet. As he lays dying, the plot backtracks important stations of Yi's life, from his boyhood to his military career, his disgrace at the hands of his king and his reinstatement, back to the battle of Noryang, where he succumbs to his wound just as victory is declared.",7.9,67,104,"['Choi Jae Sung', 'Kim  Gyu Chul', 'Choi Chul Ho', 'Kim Myung Min', 'Ahn Yun Hong', 'Lee Jae Ryong']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS1,"Lee Sung Joo,  Kim Jung Gyu,  Han Joon Seo","Yoon Sun Joo,  Park Young Sook,  Yoon Yeong Soo"
1989,Fork You Boss Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/30883-fork-you-boss-2,"Food,  Comedy,  Life,  Sitcom","Short Length Series, Internship, Web Series, Cooking, Business ",The worst bosses that you probably encountered yourself have gathered here. Kwon Yeo Bin has been harassed by a verbally violent Team Head and emotionally unstable Manager. Her way of relieving stress is cooking after work! She takes vicarious joy in taking revenge against her bosses through cooking.,7.9,13,11,"['Jung Gun Joo', 'Lee Yoo Joon', 'Lee Da Hae', 'Park Han Sol', 'Kwak Na Yeon', 'Kim Geon Ha']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,Unknown,Unknown
1990,Love Can't Wait,https://mydramalist.com/1096-love-cant-wait,"Comedy,  Romance",Teen Marriage ,"Does a high school senior only have to study? A naive high school girl's big plan to get married! It is a special love story of a high school senior at a girls school with an IQ of 98 but ranking first in looks in her school and of a poor college student studying law. Eun Min meets Tae Kyeong, a college student, when she goes to the university library to run an errand for her sister. She instantly falls in love and lies to him about being a scenario writer and starts dating him. Tae Kyeong, of course, also falls in love with the charming Eun Min. However, Eun Min's lie doesn't last long. Eun Min and Tae Kyeong meet each other again as a private tutor and student. Tae Kyeong tells Eun Min, who hates studying more than anything, that she should do something else if she doesn't want to go to college, and drags her to the HAJA Center. The reason she listened to him without any further worries is that she believed that he would not ask her to do something that's not right. She had faith in him. She thought that she would be able to live a different life if she were with him. Tae Kyeong was the first thing that had ever been only hers. Therefore, Eun Min decides to get married to him! The marriage was her first accomplishment. The ten-million-won-leased room in the basement that the in-laws found for them has no windows. But why worry about not having a window? One can just draw windows on the wall, place a bucket under the leak in the ceiling and hold a rat-catching event with Tae Kyeong in case there are rats! For some time at first, poverty was just a game for her.",7.9,12,124,"['Lee Young Ah', 'Hong Kyung Min', 'Choi Jung Yoon', 'Jo Yoon Hee', 'Park Won Sook', 'Choi Kyu Hwan']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,MBC,Lee Tae Gon,Jung Hyun Jung
1991,Midnight Thriller,https://mydramalist.com/724991-midnight-thriller,"Thriller,  Drama","Writer Female Lead, Model Female Lead, Police Officer Male Lead, Anthology, Miniseries, Death, Domestic Violence, Murder, Suspense ","An anthology about 'disappearance'.> Story 1 : ""Friendly Police"" (친절한 경찰) [Director: Lim Kyung Taek (임경택)]The story is about Ah Rin, a novelist in her 20s who moves into a new neighborhood where she meets police officer Kim, the only one who believes in what she says as she's been sensing strange things happening in her house.> Story 2 : ""Follower"" (팔로워) [Director: Park Seon Jae (박선재)]The story of Yeon Hee, who appears to be having a happily married life but is actually experiencing domestic violence. Little by little, Yeon Hee begins to fall into danger when posts suggesting self-harm are posted on the SNS account that impersonates hers.> Story 3 : ""Supermodel"" (수퍼모델) [Director: Yoo Young Sun (유영선)]The story of Ji Eun, a supermodel who instantly becomes a murder suspect. When she receives a phone call, she leaves the living room and comes back to a brutally dead boyfriend. Ji Eun is trapped after following a mysterious voice and abandoning the dead body in a bunker somewhere in the forest.(Source: HanCinema)",7.9,20,3,"['Kim Yoon Hye', 'Jung Jin Woon', 'Cha Ye Ryun', 'Jo Han Sun', 'Kim Jung Hwa', 'Lee Shi Ah']",Not Yet Rated,Genie TV,"Yoo Young Sun,  Park Sun Jae,  Lim Kyeong Taek",Unknown
1992,Camellia,https://mydramalist.com/34009-camilla,Political,"Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series ","A webdrama about the pain, the conflict, and the resolutions of the descendants of the 'Yeosun case' that occurred in 1948.(Source:hancinema)",7.9,8,5,Unknown,G - All Ages,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1993,Precious Family,https://mydramalist.com/5872-precious-family,"Romance,  Drama","Neurodevelopmental Disorder, Unhealthy Mains' Relationship, Family Relationship, Autism, Disability, Friends To Lovers, Multiple Couples, Friendship ",The drama shows how members of a good-natured family endure life’s hardships and how the love they have for each other helps them no matter how many difficulties they face.,7.9,26,68,"['Song Jae Ho', 'Kim Hee Ae', 'Kim Hae Sook', 'Heo Joon Ho', 'Lee Dong Wook', 'Yoo Seung Ho']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Jung Eul Young,Kim Soo Hyun
1994,Love Rollercoaster,https://mydramalist.com/5862-love-rollercoaster,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown,7.9,4,34,"['Kim Yoo Suk', 'Kwon Hae Hyo', 'Kim Yoon Kyung', 'Ji Soo Won', 'Kim Chang Sook', 'Im Dae Ho']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Kwon Seok Jang,Jung Hyun Jung
1995,Hong Guk Young,https://mydramalist.com/9735-hong-guk-young,"Historical,  Drama",Unknown,"This is the story of Hong Guk Young; his dreams, ambitions, ideals, and desires. His intelligence and resourcefulness served him well in his struggle to overcome adversity in the palace, eventually earning him the coveted position of right-hand man to King Jeong Jo.",7.9,4,40,"['Kim Sang Kyung', 'Jung Woong In', 'Jung So Young', 'Lee Tae Ran', 'Yoo Hye Ri', 'Jung Jae Gon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Unknown,Unknown
1996,Pale Moon,https://mydramalist.com/721877-pale-moon,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Romance,  Drama","Bank Setting, Bank Teller Female Lead, Married Female Lead, Embezzlement, Miniseries, Adapted From A Novel, Investigation, Suspense ","Yoo Yi Hwa lives with her husband, who is indifferent to her. Yoo Yi Hwa's life as a housewife is comfortable but boring. She begins to work at a bank as a contract worker. While working at the bank, she regains her confidence. But, Yoo Yi Hwa begins to steal money from her clients.(Source: AsianWiki)~~ Adapted from the novel ""Kami no Tsuki""(紙の月) by Mitsuyo Kakuta (角田光代).",7.9,81,10,"['Kim Seo Hyung', 'Yoo  Sun', 'Seo Young Hee', 'Lee Shi Woo', 'Gong Jung Hwan', 'Lee Chun Hee']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),"ENA,  Genie TV","Yoo Jong Sun,  Kim Seung Woo",No Yoon Soo
1997,Byul Soon Geom Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/5843-byul-soon-geom-2,"Historical,  Mystery,  Drama","Police Department Setting, Investigator Female Lead, Historical Fiction, Multiple Mains, Joseon Dynasty, Investigation ",Han Da Kyeong is a female investigator who carries scars and burdens from her past.,7.9,6,20,"['Lee Jong Hyuk', 'Lee Chung Ah', 'Park Kwang Hyun', 'Park Won Sang', 'Jang Young Nam', 'Han Soo Yeon']",Not Yet Rated,MBC Dramanet,Kim Byung Soo,"Jung Yoon Jung,  Yang Jin Ah"
1998,Benton,https://mydramalist.com/721625-benton,"Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Short Length Series, Fast Paced Romance, Miniseries, Beauty ",A relationship which makes you lose yourself. Is this what it’s like to date? Are you meeting someone you can be yourself with? Can Han Hee meet the man of her dreams? Who is Han Hee’s destined love?(Source: Naver),7.9,10,3,"['Song Han Hee', 'Lee Jung Woo']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
1999,My Love,https://mydramalist.com/694357-nimah-the-story-of-an-old-couple-met-in-six-countries,"Drama,  Documentary","Storytelling, Miniseries, Web Series, Multiple Couples ","Six longtime couples in different parts of the world share their decades-long love in these tender portraits filmed over the course of one year. The couples come from: the USA, Spain, Japan, South Korea, Brazil, and India.(Source: Netflix)",7.9,16,6,['Jin Mo Young'],13+ - Teens 13 or older,Netflix,Jin Mo Young,Unknown
2000,Access 2014,https://mydramalist.com/10366-access-2014,Romance,Miniseries ,A drama about an analog romance between a man and a woman who don't even know each other.,7.8,14,4,"['Roy Kim', 'Yoon Chae Sung', 'Bae Suzy', 'Hong Jin Ho', 'Lee Myung Hoon']",Not Yet Rated,XTM,Unknown,Unknown
2001,S.O.S Please Help Me,https://mydramalist.com/11838-s.o.s-please-help-me,"Romance,  Drama,  Family","Age Gap [Drama Life], Student-Teacher Relationship, Incest, First Love ","A romance drama about different kinds of unfortunate love; a half brother and sister who begin their ill-fated first love, love between a teacher and a student and a couple that faces death after finally reuniting after 25 years of separation. It will honestly and passionately depict forbidden love and painful memories of first love.(Source: DramaWiki)",7.8,19,12,"['Ahn Yong Joon', 'Kim Bo Ra', 'Kim Kwang  Soo', 'Ahn Hye Kyung', 'Sun Woo Jae Duk', 'Lee Kan Hee']",Not Yet Rated,KBS1,Unknown,Unknown
2002,Doo Teob's Pretty Easy School Life,https://mydramalist.com/74983-doo-teob-s-pretty-easy-school-life,"Life,  Youth","School Setting, Short Length Series, Miniseries, High School, Web Series, Student ",Unknown,7.8,5,8,"['Jang Ji Geon', 'Ryeoun', 'Seo Ji Hye', 'Joo Yeon Woo']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2003,8 Love Stories,https://mydramalist.com/10676-8-love-stories,"Romance,  Drama",Anthology ,"The drama describes 8 different love stories. Story 1 (Ep. 1-2) : Sunflower - love story about a stalker.Story 2 (Ep. 3-4): Message - love story by a mobile phone and other communication facilities.Story 3 (Ep. 5-6): Lost Bagage - Sad memory makes her lose her future love.Story 4 (Ep. 7-8): Open Ended - A woman who is dying from an illness meets a young guy.Story 5 (Ep. 9-10): Rose - love story between a detective and a criminal.Story 6 (Ep. 10-11): Miss Hip-hop and Mr. Rock - A man and a woman who are mentally different fall in love.Story 7 (Ep. 12-13): Insomnia, Manual and Orange Juice - A woman who acts manually falls in love with a comic book creator.Story 8 (Ep. 14-15): Host of Memory - A woman who receives donated a heart instantly flashes a man's face.",7.8,23,16,"['Lee Byung Hun', 'Lee Seung Yeon', 'Song Seung Heon', 'Choi Ji Woo', 'Cha Seung Won', 'Song Yoon Ah']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,"Kim Jong Hyeok,  Lee Kang Hoon",Song Ji Na
2004,"No, Thank You",https://mydramalist.com/62237-daughter-in-law,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","Married Male Lead, Office Worker Female Lead, Mother-in-law - Daughter-in-law Relationship, Family Relationship, Web Series, Adapted From A Webtoon ","Is about the various things that occur when an ordinary daughter-in-law enters her in-laws’ household for the first time.The drama centers around Min Sa Rin. She is an expert at her job, having been an employee at a major corporation for 7 years, but still a rookie at marriage, having only been married for one month. She tries hard to be liked by her in-laws, but encounters unexpected incidents and finds it hard to get along with her new family.Moo Goo Young is her ordinary husband who is not particularly good or bad. Although he loves his wife, he gets caught up in the confusion between her and his family. Park Gi Dong is Moo Goo Young’s mother and Min Sa Rin’s mother-in-law. She is an extremely realistic mother-in-law.(Source: Soompi)",7.8,119,12,"['Park Ha Sun', 'Kwon Yool', 'Moon Hee Kyung', 'Kim Jong Goo', 'Jo Wan Ki', 'Baek Eun Hye']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Daum Kakao TV,Lee Kwang Young,Unknown
2005,Cute Or Crazy,https://mydramalist.com/5444-cute-or-crazy,Comedy,Unknown,"Park Kyung Rim is an art gallery curator, who lives with her older brother Seung Soo, an English teacher, and her friend So Yoo Jin. Kyung Rim works for Kim Soo Mi, who co-owns the gallery with her husband, Chairman Kim. The Kims have three sons, the youngest of whom, Min Hyuk, is a troublemaker and gadabout. Park Shin Hye is a young student at Seung Soo's English school.",7.7,13,17,"['Park Kyung Rim', 'So Yoo Jin', 'Park Shin Hye', 'Kim Sung Won', 'Park Joon Suk', 'Lee Min Hyuk']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Kim Byung Wook,Song Jae Jung
2006,My Rosy Life,https://mydramalist.com/1470-my-rosy-life,"Romance,  Melodrama","Infidelity, Older Woman/Younger Man ","Maeng Sun Yi sacrificed her childhood and youth to taking care of her father, who started drinking heavily after her mother abandoned them when she was 10, and her two younger siblings. She even gave up her own education because she had to work hard to earn her siblings' tuitions. She is married to a guy named Ban Sung Moon, her five years junior, and has two daughters with him. Her life continues to present her with endless hardships but she just believes that that is ""happiness"". One day her husband falls in love with an attractive divorced woman and demands a divorce from Sun Yi.Sun Yi's younger sister, Maeng Young Yi, is a successful career woman. She dates her first love Lee Jung Do, who is now married to another woman and who broke up with her for the sake of his career in the past.Finally, Sun Yi's younger brother, Chul Soo, earns his doctorate degree in the United States and settles down there, completely ignoring his responsibility of taking care of his father.Just to make things worse, Sun Yi is one day diagnosed with cancer, which to her is tantamount to a death sentence. After learning about her disease, her husband reflects on himself and shows her the genuine meaning of marital love.(Source: KoreanWiz)",7.8,120,24,"['Choi Jin Shil', 'Lee Tae Ran', 'Son Hyun Joo', 'Jang Dong Jik', 'Choi Ji Na', 'Kim Hae Sook']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Kim Jong Chang,Moon Young Nam
2007,Stray Directors,https://mydramalist.com/31196-stray-directors,Documentary,"Short Length Series, Miniseries ","Mini Drama starring Stray Kids members, Hyunjin and I.N, for Hanhwa Seoul Fireworks Festival 2018.",7.8,39,2,"['Hwang Hyun Jin', 'I.N', 'Okyere Sam', 'Heo Young Ji', 'Alberto Mondi']",Not Yet Rated,"SBS,  vLive",Unknown,Unknown
2008,Nonstop Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/1175-nonstop-2,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Sitcom","Student Supporting Character, School Setting, University, Family Relationship, Youth, Friendship ","Nonstop is a South Korean sitcom that broadcast its first season in 2000 on MBC. It continued with 5 more seasons. The series was popular for its cast of teen idols, many who debuted through the show gaining vast popularity. Each Nonstop season shows the hilarious everyday life adventures of a group of college students and their friends and family.",7.8,15,422,"['Zo In Sung', 'Jang Na Ra', 'Kim Jung Hwa', 'Park Kyung Rim', 'Yang Mi Ra', 'Lee Do Eun']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Kim Min Shik,"Baek Sun Woo,  Myung Soo Hyun,  Seo Eun Jung,  Baek Ji Hyun"
2009,Match Made in Heaven,https://mydramalist.com/5863-match-made-in-heaven,"Romance,  Drama",Older Woman/Younger Man ,"The woman shouted for joy when she met him. Dashing and good looking, he was even 5 years younger than she. And he thought he made a great coup when he met her. Sexy and beautiful regardless of age, she even boasted economic power with a stable job. At the beginning, everything was that picture-perfect. But again as there always comes a close to every beginning. That once perfect woman turns into a just ordinary married woman and also, that young prince charming now seems like a bum eating the bread of idleness. One day..she wakes up and shouts out, “I also know how to get angry! And I’m not going for divorce!” It’s strange how their perilous marriage life is maintained even though they know that they are both having affairs.",7.8,9,16,"['Oh Seung Hyun', 'Hwang Shin Hye', 'Ahn Jae Wook', 'Yoo Yeol', 'Geum Bo Ra', 'Park Shi Eun']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Unknown,Unknown
2010,Nineteen,https://mydramalist.com/73329-nineteen,"Romance,  Life,  Youth","Student Female Lead, School Setting, Best Friends' Relationship, Model Female Lead, Actress Female Lead, Actor Male Lead, Teenager Female Lead, Short Length Series, Secret Crush, Modeling ","“Nineteen” is a drama in the form of a vlog  in which the protagonist shares her daily life and tells a story through video. The main character is Han Sung Min, a model and new actor who is receiving the most attention in the fashion and beauty industry. “Nineteen” is as an interactive content in which the protagonist directly communicates with subscribers and creates a story, adding to the expectation. Han Sung Min is a person who has a beautiful appearance and a stylish sense, but struggles with 'love', and plans to proceed with a relationship by referring to the comments of subscribers on the content.",7.8,52,8,"['Han Sung Min', 'Hyun Woo Seok', 'Jung Min Gyu']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
2011,"No, Thank You Season 2",https://mydramalist.com/710989-no-thank-you-season-2,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","Family Relationship, Web Series, Adapted From A Webtoon ","Min Sa Rin has adapted herself to the role of a daughter-in-law and her life is going relatively smoothly. She gets involved in an unexpected case.(Source: Asianwiki)~~ Adapted from the webcomic ""Myeoneuragi"" (며느라기) by Soo Shin Ji (수신지).",7.8,68,12,"['Park Ha Sun', 'Kwon Yool', 'Moon Hee Kyung', 'Kim Jong Goo', 'Jo Wan Ki', 'Baek Eun Hye']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Daum Kakao TV,Lee Kwang Young,Unknown
2012,No Bad Days,https://mydramalist.com/73435-no-bad-days,"Romance,  Life","Short Length Series, Miniseries ","An ordinary female protagonist in her twenties who has no easy things such as work, love, and relationships.",7.8,13,10,"['Bang Eun Jung', 'Chae Jong Hyeop', 'Lee You Mi']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2013,Good Day To Love,https://mydramalist.com/9334-good-day-to-love,"Drama,  Family",Unknown,"This drama will portray how happiness is achieved through simple means by the women and families involved in this daily drama. Though there are hard obstacles in their lives, the characters face their challenges together.",7.8,4,136,"['Oh Mi Yun', 'Kim Sung Ryung', 'Jo Mi Ryung', 'Jung Ho Bin', 'Kyung In Sun', 'Ban Hyo Jung']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Unknown,Unknown
2014,Funny Princes,https://mydramalist.com/9635-foolish-princes,"Drama,  Family","Age Gap [Drama Life], Slight Romance, Female Chases Male First, Riches To Rags ","Four brothers living like a prince under the care of their father, need suddenly to adapt to their new life upon the death of their father and the bankruptcy of their company...",7.8,8,130,"['Byun Hee Bong', 'Jo  Min Ki', 'Lee Joo Hyun', 'Park Geun Hyung', 'Heo Joon Ho', 'Jung Young Sook']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Kwon Seok Jang,Im Sung Han
2015,I Love Hyun Jung,https://mydramalist.com/12681-i-love-hyun-jung,Romance,"Hidden Identity, Rich Man/Poor Woman ","Beom-su Kim is a wealthy son of an elite businessman. He then meets Hyeong-jeong Lee, a bright personality who works for a documentary production company. They get along well & Beom-su decides to keep his background a secret. (Source: AsianWiki)",7.8,10,16,"['Kim Gyu Ri', 'Kam Woo Sung', 'Heo Joon Ho', 'Yoon Ye Ri', 'Son Sook', 'Jung Gi Sung']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Ahn Pan Seok,Jung Yoo Kyung
2016,Go Mom Go!,https://mydramalist.com/12763-go-mom-go,"Comedy,  Sitcom",Family ,Unknown,8.2,4,234,"['Kim Young Ae', 'Seo Seung Hyun', 'Lee Bo Hee', 'Lee Jae Yong', 'Lee Hwi Jae', 'Oh Se Jung']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Unknown,Choi Soo Young
2017,A Love Without Fear,https://mydramalist.com/15440-a-love-without-fear,"Romance,  Drama","Student Female Lead, School Setting, Composer Male Lead, Dancer Female Lead, Young Adult Female Lead, Wealthy Family, Disapproving Family, University, Dance, Music ","Gyeong Ae, a senior in college, is the daughter of a wealthy family majoring in modern dance. Because of the song she needs to use for her dance performance, she meets with the composer Myeong No, and they fall in love. Despite the opposition of the family, the two, who get engaged after twists and turns, taste happiness for a while.(Source: Korean = Wikipedia || Translation = MyDramaList)",7.8,4,52,"['Choi Jae Sung', 'Go Hyun Jung', 'Oh Dae Gyu', 'Lee Sang Sook', 'Jun Woon', 'Lee Do Ryun']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Unknown,Unknown
2018,"380,000 km Between You and Me",https://mydramalist.com/34921-380-000-km-between-you-and-me,"Comedy,  Romance","Miniseries, Web Series ","From a tutor to a school senior, From senior to boyfriend????Twenty-year-old earth wishing moon.The first love for the first love, the great operation!",7.8,8,9,"['Choi Sang Bae', 'Kwon Sun Hyung', 'Seo Han Sol']",G - All Ages,vLive,Unknown,Unknown
2019,Our Friendship 0.5cm,https://mydramalist.com/46623-our-friendship-0-5cm,Life,"Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series, Friendship ",Unknown,7.8,3,4,Unknown,Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2020,Travelogue,https://mydramalist.com/46641-travelogue,"Romance,  Youth","School Setting, Workplace Setting, Miniseries, Web Series ",Unknown,7.8,3,3,"['Joo Ga Young', 'Jung Hyo Jun', 'Oh Hyun Joong']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2021,Webtoon Hero - Tundra Show,https://mydramalist.com/15120-webtoon-hero-tundra-show,Family,Adapted From A Webtoon ,The drama follows the story of a father and three brothers. ~~ Based on the webtoon of the same name by popular writer Kian84.,7.8,51,12,"['Jung Il Hoon', 'Go Hyun', 'Park Jeong Hwa', 'Kim Jung Seok', 'Park Eun Seok', 'Lee Chul Woo']",Not Yet Rated,MBC every1,Unknown,Unknown
2022,Seoul 1945,https://mydramalist.com/1186-seoul-1945,"Historical,  Drama","Historical Fiction, Japanese Colonial Rule ","Seoul 1945 is a drama that takes place during turbulent times in Korea, spanning from the end of the Japanese occupation to the eventual split of the country into North and South. The story revolves around the lives of four young adults who grew up together. Choi Oon Hyuk is a child prodigy born into a family of poor miners; Kim Hae Kyung is the eldest daughter of tenant farmers; Lee Dong-Woo is the heir to a wealthy, well-connected family; and Moon Suk Kyung is the only child of an affluent and powerful political ally of Japan. In a blend of personal choices and circumstances beyond their control, each individual embarks on different paths that reflect the chaotic nature of the time as well as their true character. As their paths collide, love, friendship, loyalty, vengeance, moral conscience, and ideology become driving forces to irrevocably change the course of their lives.",7.8,50,71,"['Ryu Soo Young', 'So Yoo Jin', 'Kim Ho Jin', 'Han Da Gam', 'Park Sang Myun', 'Lee Byung Wook']",Not Yet Rated,KBS1,"Yoon Chang Bum,  Yoo Hyun Ki","Jung Sung Hee,  Lee Han Ho"
2023,A Problem at My Younger Brother’s House,https://mydramalist.com/3466-a-problem-at-my-younger-brothers-house,"Romance,  Drama","Secondary Couple, Rich Female Lead, Big Family, Male Chases Female First, Nice Male Lead, Family ","Based on the traditional Korean folktale of two brothers; the old and greedy older brother is Man Bo, who is a wealthy real estate billionaire and cares only about women and money. His younger brother, Choon Bo, is kind, caring, and submissive to him. The two brothers have not seen each other for nearly twenty years, since Choon Bo gave his youngest son, Yeong Goo, to Man Bo because he wanted a son. Choon Bo’s wife believes that her youngest son died at birth.Twenty years later, Choon Bo goes bankrupt, and with nowhere to go, asks his brother for help. Living in the small house next to Man Bo’s, Choon Bo brings his three children, his daughter-in-law, and his wife with him. Together they live towards a brighter day. Man Bo’s wife and daughter are eager to make Choon Bo’s daughter, Soo Jin’s life miserable. When Soo Jin and Mi Ree again fight over the same guy, it is no surprise that the nice girl wins. As two families clash over women, men, family secrets and money matters, the good guy teaches the “bad guy” a lesson – just like the Korean folktale.(Source: Koreandrama.org)",7.7,21,121,"['Yeon Jung Hoon', 'Kim Tae Hee', 'Lee Soon Jae', 'Kim Yong Rim', 'Jang Yong', 'Park Won Sook']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Ahn Pan Seok,Choi Yoon Jung
2024,We're Not Trash,https://mydramalist.com/743249-we-re-not-trash,"Psychological,  Romance,  Youth","Depressed Male Lead, Bipolar Female Lead, Guilt, Hot-tempered Female Lead, Mental Illness, Healing, Eccentric Female Lead, Depression, Bipolar Disorder, Environmental Issues ","""We're Not Trash"" is a web drama about a man and a woman who consider themselves trash, experiencing rehabilitation and healing their pain.Shin Jo Hee grew up without being loved by her mother. She is easily excited about trivial things, sometimes aggressive and spontaneous. People around her worry about her because of her bipolar disorder, but Shin Jo Hee does not intend to treat her disorder and thinks that it was caused by her mother.Jin Woo Hyuk  is suffering from depression. He keeps feeling that he is trash. On the day he is diagnosed with depression, he meets Shin Jo Hee at the hospital and faces an unexpected change in his life.(Source: Sports.khan.co.kr, ethleia at MyDramaList)",7.8,102,8,"['Park Jung Yeon', 'Jung Woo Jin', 'Jung Ae Yun', 'Jang Do Ha', 'Park Jae Wan']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Kim Tae Wook,Unknown
2025,Forever Love,https://mydramalist.com/12284-forever-love,"Romance,  Drama","Widow Female Lead, 1970s, Friendship ","Set in the 70's, it shows the eternal love of a woman for her deceased husband.",7.8,11,49,"['Jang Shin Young', 'Lee Hoon', 'Kang Rae Yeon', 'Lee Jin Woo', 'Lee Moon Shik', 'Lee Hyo Choon']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Kim Jin Min,Kim Woon Kyung
2026,Love,https://mydramalist.com/9148-love,Unknown,Older Woman/Younger Man ,"Intersecting love stories of two people, Young Ji and In Ha are explored in the drama Love. Young Ji is a widow in her mid-thirties. After Young Ji's husband dies, her former boyfriend Joon Sup divorced his wife and becomes close to Young Ji again. It almost seems natural that they would get married. In Ha, a young man in his twenties, immediately falls in love with Young Ji during a chance meeting. Young Ji also is attracted to In Ha's pure loving heart, but knows Joon Sup is the ""right"" choice. However life and love rarely goes the way we want it.",7.8,5,16,"['Jang Dong Gun', 'Kim Mi Sook', 'Lee Young Ha', 'Gu Bon Seung', 'Choi Ji Woo', 'Jung Joon Ho']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Lee Chang Han,Joo Chan Ok
2027,My Ex Diary,https://mydramalist.com/30490-my-ex-diary,Romance,"Miniseries, Web Series ",Unknown,7.8,22,8,"['Lee Do Gyeom', 'Jung Yi Seo', 'Kim Wook']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2028,White Tower,https://mydramalist.com/1725-white-tower,"Business,  Drama,  Medical,  Political","Hospital Setting, Surgeon Male Lead, Doctor Male Lead, Adapted From A Novel ","The story is about politics and power struggle among doctors at a hospital. Friends can switch allegience and enemies can turn supportive in split seconds. Dr. Jang Joon Hyeok was an ambitous surgeon who wanted nothing more than to be the department head when his boss retired. His effort was frustrated by his boss Dr. Lee who brought in Dr. Noh Min Guk from the States with the intention of letting him be the next department head. Dr. Lee's wife has also set her sight on Dr. Noh to be her future son-in-law whereas the daughter, Lee Yoon Jin has something else on her mind.Dr. Choi Do Young was a good friend of Dr. Jang and he did not like to get involved in any of hospital's politics but only to concentrate on his work and heal patients. But when Dr. Jang was being sued by a patient's family for causing his death due to negligence, he joined force with Lee Yoon Jin to stand up for the patient's right at the risk of losing his post at the hospital and friendship.(Source: DramaWiki)~~Adapted from the novel ""Shiroi Kyoto"" (白い巨塔 ) by Yamazaki Toyoko (山崎豊子).",7.8,168,20,"['Kim Myung Min', 'Lee Sun Kyun', 'Lee Jung Gil', 'Kim Chang Wan', 'Byun Hee Bong', 'Song Sun Mi']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Ahn Pan Seok,Lee Ki Won
2029,I'll Go With You,https://mydramalist.com/9806-ill-go-with-you,"Romance,  Family",Unknown,"Haeng Sook became a single mother at the age of 20. But born with a strong will, optimistic personality, and persistence, she opens up a potato stew diner and raises her younger siblings and her daughter. She even enrolls herself in college at her age and struggles to realize her own dreams.The middle sister of the three, Gyung Sook, divorced from her first marriage after her ex-husband’s affair, but she is having marital problems again with her second husband, Jung Wan. Haeng Sook tells Gyung Sook that there is no “right” way to live life and although the number of divorces she gets in her life is insignificant, she should try to love a man with all her heart before breaking up. That way, she will not have regrets.Haeng Sook goes on to advise that she should realize the true value of human life and become more confident. The youngest of the three, Hyo Sook, married the man she fell in love with at first sight, but her husband Sang Min doesn’t consider her a woman and constantly asks for divorce. Haeng Sook encourages her by saying that although it seems like the end of the world, life goes on. She goes on to tell Hyo Sook that as long as she is alive, the sun will rise tomorrow, and she has the right to be happier than anyone else in the world.",7.8,4,21,"['Jung Sun Kyung', 'Jeong Bo Seok', 'Yoo Seo Jin', 'Kim Mi Sook', 'Lee Ja Young', 'Oh Min Suk']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Kim Kyung Ho,Ha Chung Ok
2030,Our Baseball,https://mydramalist.com/31321-member-of-society,"Life,  Drama,  Sports","Baseball, Office Worker Male Lead, Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series, Friendship ",“Our Baseball” tells the story of a baseball team made up of normal office workers. Park Jeong Hwa will play a character on a job search who is the only woman on the baseball team.(Source: Soompi),7.8,43,10,"['Park Jeong Hwa', 'Lee Jong Won', 'Park Chul Min', 'Gong Jung Hwan', 'Dong Hyun Bae', 'Kim Ji Hoon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
2031,Family Secrets,https://mydramalist.com/11430-family-secrets,"Drama,  Family,  Melodrama","Missing Child, Rich Female Lead, Soap Opera ","A well-off family who runs a large company had lost their son to a tragic accident. Later, Ko Eun Byul, the granddaughter of the family disappears on the day of her engagement ceremony. Her mother, Jung Yun then tries to find her. Jung Yun world is turned upside down when she discovers that her daughter was kidnapped by someone from her own family.(Source: MyDramaList)~~ Remake of the Chilean TV series ""¿Dónde está Elisa?"" (Where is Elisa?) (2009).",7.8,17,103,"['Shin Eun Kyung', 'Kim Seung Soo', 'Jung Woo Yeon', 'Ryu Tae Joon', 'Cha Hwa Yun', 'Yoo Seo Jin']",Not Yet Rated,tvN,Seong Do Joon,Lee Do Hyeon
2032,Jeong Do Jeon,https://mydramalist.com/8205-jeong-do-jeon,"Action,  Thriller,  Historical,  Political","Consort Supporting Character, Historical Fiction, Revolution, Biographical, Corruption, Goryeo Dynasty, Joseon Dynasty, Suspense ","In the late 14th c, Goryeo. Abuse of power and corruption made people leave the government offices and only the corrupted people are left in the high offices. When there seems to be no hope, there are a group of young people who values the meaning of scholar heavily. They are the Sungkyunkwan scholars who have dreams to bring peace to the world and they were the hope of Goryeo. Sambong Jung Do Jun is one of them. He believed that the old corrupted government should be destroyed and the destiny of scholars is to build an idealistic country.(Source: KBS World)",7.8,115,50,"['Jo Jae Hyun', 'Yoo Dong Geun', 'Park Young Gyu', 'Seo In Seok', 'Im Ho', 'Ahn Jae Mo']",Not Yet Rated,KBS1,"Lee Jae Hoon,  Kang Byeong Taek",Jung Hyun Min
2033,How Much Love?,https://mydramalist.com/3829-how-much-love,Romance,Unknown,What happens when a rich girl who hasn't suffered much hardships falls in love with a poor guy who has to shoulder just about everything that seems most unfortunate in the eyes of everyone. No one can predict how much determination is needed to overcome their differences or how much love is needed to the overcome all the oncoming trials of their everyday lives.,7.7,10,125,"['Kim Ji Hoon', 'Yeo Woon Kye', 'Yoon Se Ah', 'Go Doo Shim', 'Kim Ji Young', 'Jun In Taek']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Park Hong Kyun,So Hyun Kyung
2034,Scent of Love,https://mydramalist.com/9314-scent-of-love,Drama,Unknown,"Aromatic love that overcomes the hardships of youth. True love is learned through each couple of three generations and the love of a family that has lost the father in a car accident. Yong Jin works at an animation production company and Jae Jin is a university student. The two sisters are bright and cheerful despite not having a father. Yong Jin meets a guy and regardless of her mom's disapproval, continue with her love for him. Not only love but the waiting, hatred, and disappointments are well projected. (Source: SBS Global)",7.7,7,52,"['Lee Byung Hun', 'Choi Jin Shil', 'Kim Young Ae', 'Jeon Do Yeon', 'Lee Jung Gil', 'Kim Soo Mi']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Ko Heung Sik,Park Jung Ran
2035,Thunder Store,https://mydramalist.com/11800-store-struck-by-lightning,"Mystery,  Youth,  Fantasy","Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Child Female Lead, Child Male Lead, Hearing Animals, Elementary School, Multiple Mains, Special Power, Shapeshifter ","One day, a stationery store in front of an elementary school is struck by a lightning and a mysterious thing happens.",7.7,15,12,"['Kang Ye Bin', 'Kim Gi Cheon', 'Jung Da Bin', 'Kang Han Byul', 'Yang Han Yeol', 'Jung In Seo']",G - All Ages,Tooniverse,Unknown,Unknown
2036,My Mother Is a Daughter-In-Law,https://mydramalist.com/14997-my-mother-is-a-daughter-in-law,"Comedy,  Drama,  Melodrama","Death Of A Son, Death Of A Husband, Widow Female Lead, Doctor Supporting Character, Mother-in-law - Daughter-in-law Relationship, Mean Mother-in-law, Remarriage, Family ","Gyeong Sook married a wealthy older man when she was 19 years old. Her mother-in-law, who gave her a hard time, died, and her husband passed away a couple of years ago. She only depends on her son Jeong Soo who is a doctor. Her son Jeong Soo brings his girlfriend, Hyeon Joo. Kyeong Sook disapproves of Hyeon Joo because of her poor family background.Nevertheless, Jeong Soo and Hyeon Joo marry. Kyeong Sook gives Hyeon Joo a hard time. Then, Jeong Soo dies in a car accident. Kyeong Sook and Hyeon Joo are no longer family. Kyeong Sook and Hyeon Joo eventually both marry again. Through a twist of fate, Kyeong Sook becomes Hyeon Joo's daughter-in-law.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.7,37,136,"['Shim Yi Young', 'Kim Hye Ri', 'Andy', 'Jo Eun Bit', 'Yoo Joo Won', 'Kwon Jae Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Ko Heung Sik,Lee Geun Young
2037,Forever Young 2,https://mydramalist.com/21378-forever-young-2,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Drama",Unknown,Unknown,7.7,31,38,"['Kang Tae Oh', 'Nha Phuong', 'Noh Haeng Ha', 'Jung Hae Na', 'Son Jong Hak', 'Lee Ah Hyun']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2038,Reckless Family Season 3,https://mydramalist.com/11193-reckless-family-season-3,"Comedy,  Sitcom",Family ,‘Reckless Family Season 3’ is a sitcom that features impromptu skits around the concept of “family”. It is a program that combines variety and sitcom.,7.7,5,31,"['Jo Hye Ryun', 'Park Chul', 'Yura', 'Clara Lee', 'Lee Hyun Jae', 'Park Hwi Soon']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Unknown,Unknown
2039,Three Friends,https://mydramalist.com/9737-three-friends,"Comedy,  Sitcom","Lesbian Guest Character, LGBTQ+, Friendship ",Unknown,7.7,18,58,"['Jung Woong In', 'Park Sang Myun', 'Yoon Da Hoon', 'Lee Eui Jung', 'Choi Jong Won', 'Park Hyun Young']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Unknown,Unknown
2040,School,https://mydramalist.com/6186-school,"Romance,  Life,  Youth,  Drama","Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, High School ",School is a drama series that deals with realistic issues South Korean teenagers faced in high school in the late 1990's.,7.7,39,16,"['Jang Hyuk', 'Choi Kang Hee', 'Ahn Jae Mo', 'Yang Dong Geun', 'Park Shi Eun', 'Yuk Dong Il']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Lee Min Hong,"Kim Ji Woo,  Lee Hyang Hee,  Gu Seon Kyung"
2041,Solitude,https://mydramalist.com/8856-solitude,"Romance,  Drama",Older Woman/Younger Man ,"Gyeong Min is a director at the Human, a corporate image comsulting firm. The most important things in her life are work, her daughter Jeong Ah, and her high school friend Eun Seok. As a caring mother to Jeong Ah, she changes her mind to remarry after her daughter, Jeong Ah, shows disapproval of her new suitor. She has a few simple dreams in her life. She wants Jeong Ah to move out and become independent when she becomes 20 years old. And then she wants to take time out from work to study at night school. But then Young Woo appears in her life, and pursue her into dating him.",7.7,5,20,"['Lee Mi Sook', 'Hong Yo Sub', 'Ryu Seung Beom', 'Seo Won', 'Kim Young Ok', 'Joo Hyun']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Pyo Min Soo,Noh Hee Kyung
2042,Time of Miracle,https://mydramalist.com/16485-time-of-miracle-loss-time,"Comedy,  Drama","MDL Remake, Miniseries ",A comedy about people who are facing sudden death but are given extra time to spend before death.,7.7,5,2,"['Kim Sung Joo', 'Han Sung Shik', 'Choi Jae Sub', 'Yuk Dong Il', 'Lee Seok Jun', 'Lee Joon Young']",Not Yet Rated,KBS1,Unknown,Unknown
2043,Hip Hop King,https://mydramalist.com/32440-hip-hop-king-nassna-street,"Music,  Youth,  Drama","Student Supporting Character, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Teenager Supporting Character, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, Determined Male Lead, Raised By Grandmother, Grandma-Grandson Relationship ","A coming-of-age drama that will focus not only on hip hop music, but the evolving world and culture of hip hop itself.Young Baek is an 18-year-old high school student in Daegu. He lives with his poor grandmother. Young Baek loves hip hop music and wants to succeed as a rapper. To pursue his dream, Young Baek goes to Seoul. His life there is not easy, but he doesn't give up. He begins to attend Doobak High School. Young Baek meets Ha Jin at school. They develop feelings for each other. Ha Jin wants to become a writer. She has a secret that nobody knows about.Meanwhile, Tae Hwang and Ki Ha attend the same high school as Young Baek and Ha Jin. Tae Hwang is a rapper and has rich parents who are supportive of his career. He gets annoyed with Young Baek. Ki Ha becomes friends with Young Baek. He wants to find a girlfriend.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.7,138,6,"['Lee Ho Won', 'Shin  Won Ho', 'Lee Na Eun', 'Han Hyun Min', 'Kim Young Ok', 'Yoo Seo Jin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Lee Joon Hyeong,Unknown
2044,On the Prairie,https://mydramalist.com/9720-on-the-prairie,"Romance,  Drama,  Family","Tomboy Female Lead, Doctor Female Lead, Brothers' Relationship, Secondary Couple, Rich Female Lead, Older Man/Younger Woman, Opposites Attract, Rich Woman/Poor Man, Nice Male Lead, Unrequited Love ","Genuine love between a full-hearted man and a tomboy princess, a touching story about a humorous and warm love. Cha Tae Woong is a car salesman. He is optimistic, candid and has strong conviction.He can endure a disadvantage but not injustice. He has strong will and bravery to face things head on and not compromise justice. He also has his own principle in sales and sticks to it at all costs. This inflicts loss many times, but he believes that momentary gain is less important than his conviction.Seong Yeon Ho is a pediatrician. She's an only child of an affluent family and is the hope of the family. With sophisticated looks, she is a self-centered person but also bright. She is an arrogant girl who refuses to be meddled with and does whatever she wants. However, because of forgetfulness and a restless personality, she's a cute and warm-hearted girl who is truthful.This is the story of a man, who has nothing to show except for siblings and true courage, and a woman, who has never experienced failure and who has only cared for herself inside a plentiful enclosure, who find the true meaning of life and who become mature through the process of meeting and falling in love.",7.8,18,52,"['Chae Jung An', 'Chae Rim', 'Choi Soo Jong', 'Choi Chul Ho', 'Jung Dong Hwan', 'Youn Yuh Jung']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Park Chan Hong,Kim Ji Woo
2045,Instant Romance,https://mydramalist.com/38895-instant-romance,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","School Setting, Shop Setting, Miniseries, Web Series ","The story of Ma Ri, a young woman who often daydreams imagining her romantic love story. Especially when she has a crush on Ki Yung, a student majoring in veterinary medicine. Ma Ri has a crush on Ki Yung because she often stops by the bookstore where he works. Not alone, Ma Ri is always accompanied by her two friends, Yoon Hee and Su Ho. Yoon Hee is a friend she met in college while Su Ho is her friend since high school. It turns out that Su Ho is the same as Mari. He also often daydreams and imagines he can date Ma Ri.(Source: inikpop)",7.7,13,10,"['Seo Ji Hye', 'Ryeoun', 'Jeon Gun Woong']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,vLive,Kang Dong Hee,Lee Ye Dam
2046,I Need Standards,https://mydramalist.com/46619-i-need-standards,"Comedy,  Romance","Miniseries, Web Series ",A web drama that tells the love story of a newbie employee who discovers that her new boss is her senior from university who used to have a crush on her. (Source: MyDramaList),7.7,14,5,"['Bang Eun Jung', 'Lee Seung Chul', 'Lim Min So']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
2047,I Know Because I've Tried It,https://mydramalist.com/710959-i-know-because-i-ve-tried-it,Comedy,"Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series ",Unknown,7.7,4,6,"['Kim Geon Ha', 'Yoon Sung Hyuk', 'Jeon Hye Yeon', 'Jo Ki Sung']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2048,Our Relationship Ended Before It Began,https://mydramalist.com/743001-our-relationship-ended-before-it-began,"Romance,  Drama","Café Setting, Tomboy Female Lead, Lesbian Female Lead, Short Length Series, Lesbian Romance, Inner Monologue, Height Difference, LGBTQ+, Miniseries, Web Series ","Kim Ah Young recently started working at Yoon Ah's café. Although Yoon Ah's teasing initially got on her nerves, Ah Young quickly came to realize she was developing romantic feelings for her. But Yoon Ah recently came out of a bad relationship. Can they find the courage to pursue their budding feelings?(Source: MyDramaList)",7.7,168,4,"['Park Ha Young', 'Park San Ha']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2049,Love and Ambition,https://mydramalist.com/5860-love-and-ambition,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","MDL Remake, Brother-Sister Relationship, Secondary Couple, 1950s, Older Man/Younger Woman, Poor Family, Disability, Poor Male Lead, Fantasy ","Park Tae Joon is an intelligent law student and a filial son to his parents who runs a mill. His has a younger brother, Tae Soo not quite as academic still quite smart and a known brat in town, and a younger sister, the kind and gentle hearted Sun Hee. From the same town as Tae Joon, Kim Mi Ja, his love interest is sick and tired of living in poverty and desires to leave their small town for a better life. One day after their father’s death, the family learns that they will lose their home as a pledge due to an assurance their father has made before his death.From the poverty stricken post war era of the 1950s to the modern times of Korea, this TV-series follows a family and the surrounding characters who rode the drastic changes with passion.",7.6,18,80,"['Han Go Eun', 'Jo  Min Ki', 'Lee Yoo Ri', 'Lee Hoon', 'Jeon Noh Min', 'Maeng Sang Hoon']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Unknown,Kim Soo Hyun
2050,Only You,https://mydramalist.com/743961-only-you,Life,"Dog, Animal, Apartment Setting, Healing, Fall Setting, Landlord/Landlady Supporting Character, Short Length Series, Agoraphobia, Mental Illness, Depression ","One day, a dog name Lea shows up at Seul Gi's house, who is a loner struggling with mental health. Lea has a speaker on her collar that can process her thoughts into words, allowing her to talk. (Source: ssofft at MyDramaList)",7.7,63,2,['Hong Hwa Yeon'],Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2051,Moonlight Sonata,https://mydramalist.com/27886-moonlight-sonata,Drama,"Miniseries, Web Series ",The story of a group of novice college graduates who step into society for the first time.,7.7,7,6,"['Cho Hye Jung', 'Kim Hae Woo', 'Yang Dae Hyuk']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
2052,Air Force,https://mydramalist.com/2215-air-force,"Military,  Romance,  Drama",Miniseries ,"Hyung-woo and Jin-kyung are elite pilots who are selected to attend the Korean equivalent of ""Top Gun"" school.  Hyung-woo is attracted to Jin-kyung, but she has here eyes on Jung-joon.[Koreanwiz]",7.7,5,2,"['Chae Rim', 'Kim Jung Eun', 'Ryu Jin', 'Jung Joon Ho', 'Song Jae Ho', 'Choi Joon Yong']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Unknown,Unknown
2053,Can You Deliver Time?,https://mydramalist.com/80247-does-time-deliver,"Life,  Fantasy","Life Lesson, Web Series, Time Travel, Restaurant Setting, Secret Crush, Anthology, Miniseries, Father-Son Relationship, Second Chance ","An omnibus web series about four individuals filled with regret who are able to order delivery from a mysterious new restaurant called ""Your Most Beautiful Days."" The order allows them to relive their past or see their future.(Source: MyDramaList)",7.7,135,8,"['Byeon Seo Yoon', 'Choi Ji Hui', 'Park Jae Chan', 'Ha Sung Kwang', 'Jo Ki Sung', 'Lee Han Ik']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2054,Hometown Over the Hill Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/12148-hometown-over-the-hill-2,"Romance,  Life,  Drama,  Family",Unknown,A drama about the various people who have roots in a farming village.,7.7,3,150,"['Yoon Ji Sook', 'Song Ki Yoon', 'Lee Ja Min', 'Woo Hee Jin', 'Lee Hye Ri', 'Park Hyung Joon']",Not Yet Rated,KBS1,"Shin Chang Seok,  Uh Soo Sun,  Shin Hyun Soo","Lee Geum Joo,  Kim Ji Soo,  Kim Sun Young"
2055,Ghost VRos,https://mydramalist.com/53331-ghost-vros,"Mystery,  Comedy,  Supernatural","Web Series, Short Length Series, Entertainment Industry, Virtual Reality, Miniseries, Death, Ghost-seeing Male Lead, Murder, Nice Male Lead, Ghost ",Ghost Vros tells the story of a startup company that exorcises ghosts with VR equipment. Ghost Vros employees will look for ghosts with VR equipment and help vengeful ghosts through counseling.,7.7,161,8,"['One', 'Kim Woo Seok', 'Jang Sung Yoon', 'Kim Seo An', 'Jung Yi Yeon', 'Yoon Song Hee']",Not Yet Rated,tvN,Unknown,Unknown
2056,"I'm a Mother, Too",https://mydramalist.com/28639-i-m-a-mother-too,"Business,  Romance,  Family,  Melodrama","Surrogacy, Infidelity, Mother-Son Relationship, Mother-Daughter Relationship, Boss-Employee Relationship, Multiple Couples, Nice Male Lead, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Pregnancy ","Ji-Young has a bright personality. Due to a difficult situation, she becomes a surrogate mother. With her bright personality, she gets through hardships and struggles to obtain happiness.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.7,94,124,"['Lee In Hye', 'Woo Hee Jin', 'Alex', 'Park Joon Hyuk', 'Moon Bo Ryung', 'Park Geun Hyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Bae Tae Seop,Lee Geun Young
2057,General Hospital 2,https://mydramalist.com/1131-general-hospital-2,"Drama,  Medical","Hospital Setting, Doctor Female Lead, Doctor Male Lead ","Jung Ha Yoon is a graduate student who successfully passed the bar exam. However, she is not finished as she wants to be a medical malpractice litigation specialist. She works at a hospital to look to gain experience and there she meets other doctors who work there.",7.7,114,17,"['Cha Tae Hyun', 'Kim Jung Eun', 'Lee Jae Ryong', 'Noh Yoon', 'Kwon Byung Gil', 'Jo Kyung Hwan']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Noh Do Cheol,"Choi Wan Kyu,  Kwon Eum Mi"
2058,Roses and Bean Sprout,https://mydramalist.com/4526-roses-and-bean-sprout,"Life,  Drama",Family ,This drama is about the Choi family matters which has four sons.,7.7,7,51,"['Son Chang Min', 'Choi Jin Shil', 'Cha Seung Won', 'Kim Sung Kyum', 'Kim Gyu Ri', 'Jeon Hye Jin']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,"Ahn Pan Seok,  Kwon Seok Jang",Jung Sung Joo
2059,Forever Young,https://mydramalist.com/15684-forever-young,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Drama",Unknown,"Co-produced by Korea & Vietnam ""Forever Young"" centered on young people with experience at a particular period of time in their lives, the experience with no regrets. The boys and girls in the movie are still very young, their future is filled with many chances, pursuits, and wishes . They went through meaningful years in Seoul, experienced enough ups and downs, failures, successes and momentous happenings of friendship, love to then become the people who dare to dream, dare to desire more.",7.7,64,36,"['Kang Tae Oh', 'Nha Phuong', 'Le Hong Dang', 'Noh Haeng Ha', 'Yoo Jae Myung', 'Shin Jae Ha']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Myung Hyun Woo,Unknown
2060,My Love,https://mydramalist.com/3509-my-love,Romance,Family ,"Jang Mi Ran is a single mother of four left to raise her children alone after losing her husband to a paragliding accident. While enduring social problems faced by single mothers, she finds love in the re-appearance of her high school mate, Jo Yi Han.",7.7,12,20,"['Shin Ae Ra', 'Lee Chang Hoon', 'Lee Yoon Mi', 'Oh Mi Yun', 'Bang Joon Seo', 'Park Jung Soo']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Jung Hyo,Jung Sung Joo
2061,Keu Keu Island's Secret,https://mydramalist.com/5643-keu-keu-islands-secret,"Adventure,  Comedy,  Romance,  Sitcom","Drama, Friendship ","Ten employees in a company drift off to an inhabited island after an accident that occurred at sea during their company trip. Since all ten employee were drunk before the accident occurred, they have no recollection of how they came to be stranded on the island. This sitcom follows the journey that these characters go through and how they survive on this stranded island called Keu Keu Island.",7.7,17,40,"['Kim  Sun Kyung', 'Kim Kwang Gyu', 'Shin Sung Woo', 'Yoon Sang Hyun', 'Shim Hyung Tak', 'Lee Da Hee']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Unknown,"Song Jae Jung,  Kim Yoon Joo"
2062,CNBLUETORY,https://mydramalist.com/48951-cnbluetory,"Music,  Documentary","K-Pop, Miniseries ",Unknown,7.7,17,5,"['Jung Yong Hwa', 'Lee  Jong Hyun', 'Kang Min Hyuk', 'Lee Jung Shin']",Not Yet Rated,Mnet,Unknown,Unknown
2063,Confession,https://mydramalist.com/1080-confession,Romance,"Best Friends' Relationship, Family Relationship, Infidelity, Love Triangle, Friendship ","Yoon Mi's whole body is shaking as her husband confesses to her that he has been having an affair with a young stage actress. The affair has been going on for six months and he claims it was difficult days for him, and he wants a divorce.Yoon Mi is a doctor, successful in her career, and her best high school friend, Jung Hee has always envied Yoon Mi's smart life that she leads, whereas Jung Hee herself is all so fed up with her meaningless and worthless life as a housewife.This drama is a new composition of marriage, family, and friendship between women. The two women's agony, divorce, and the process of overcoming their depression ask us once again the true meaning of marriage life.",7.7,5,16,"['Jung Sun Kyung', 'Yoo In Chon', 'Won Mi Kyung', 'Park In Hwan', 'Lee Eung Kyung', 'Song Seung Hwan']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Unknown,Unknown
2064,"Aeja's Older Sister, Minja",https://mydramalist.com/2216-aeja-eonni-minja,Romance,Family ,This drama revolves around how Min Ja and Ae Ja understand the most valuable possession of one's life is family. Both actor Lee Duk Hwa and his daughter actress Lee Ji Hyun appeared in this drama. (Source: DramaWiki),7.6,18,140,"['Cha Hwa Yun', 'Lee Eung Kyung', 'So Yi Hyun', 'Song Yi Woo', 'In Gyo Jin', 'Jung Jae Soon']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Unknown,Unknown
2065,Little Women,https://mydramalist.com/12813-little-women,"Romance,  Drama,  Family",Unknown,"This saga follows four sisters as they grow from little women to adults. It shows their family life, their career choices and introduces the men they would love.",7.6,29,58,"['Lee Yoon Mi', 'Oh Dae Gyu', 'Kim Ho Jin', 'Yoo  Sun', 'Park Ye Jin', 'Lee Wan']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,"Kim Hyung Shik,  Ko Heung Sik",Ha Chung Ok
2066,Adult Kids,https://mydramalist.com/753381-adult-kids,"Life,  Drama","Female Centered Plot, Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series ",A hyper-realistic drama depicting the daily lives of clumsy women in their 30s in the fashion industry and their joys and sorrows at work.(Source: HanCinema),7.6,40,8,"['Ryu Hye Young', 'Yoon Sang Jung', 'Shin Do Hyun', 'Baek Soo Hee', 'Kim Tae I']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2067,The Sensible Life of Director Shin,https://mydramalist.com/32486-the-sensible-life-of-director-shin,"Comedy,  Romance","Miniseries, Web Series ","In this quirky, meta Korean series shot from the perspective of a computer web cam, a director tries to make informative how-to videos about his creative process–and instead reveals an intimate inside look at his hilariously awkward private life as seen through his texts, video calls, Photobooth snaps, Final Cut projects, and internet search history. Drunk impulse purchases, blackmail, and flaccid nipples abound. (Source: AsianCrush)",7.6,16,8,"['Cho Byeong Kyu', 'Yoon So Mi', 'Han Il Kyu', 'Bang Eun Jung', 'Yoon Boo Jin']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2068,Do With All Your Heart Today,https://mydramalist.com/694439-do-with-all-your-heart-today,"Romance,  Drama","Adapted From A Webtoon, Web Series, Office Setting, Short Length Series, Miniseries ","Produced by the Ministry of Strategy and Finance's campaign to raise public interest in the process of organizing the country.(Source: Moonhye at MyDramList)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""I Give My Heart to You Today"" (오늘도 마음을 다 해) by Lee Hye (이혜).",7.6,11,4,"['Im Ji Sub', 'Gong Yoo Rim']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2069,Somehow Family,https://mydramalist.com/54985-somehow-family,"Romance,  Drama,  Family,  Sitcom","Comedy, Boarding House Setting, Bickering Mains' Relationship, Airport Setting, Restaurant Setting, Neighbors' Relationship, Brothers' Relationship, Married Life, Secret Crush, First Love ","The story of a married couple, Sung Dong Il and Jin Hee Kyung, who run a boarding house near the airport and live with various people who work at the airport.(Source: HanCinema)",7.6,110,12,"['Sung Dong Il', 'Jin Hee Kyung', 'Kim Kwang Gyu', 'Andreas Varsakopoulos', 'Lee Bon', 'Gil Eun Hye']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,TV Chosun,Unknown,Unknown
2070,Her House,https://mydramalist.com/5394-her-house,"Romance,  Drama","Multiple Couples, Family ","This drama is about the unconventional love between Tae Ju, a construction supervisor, and Young Wook, a building renovator. Tae Ju is a traditional, elder son of a poor family. Young Wook is an independent, career-minded woman from a rich family. They love each other, but marriage appears out of the question due to their conflicting backgrounds and ambitions. Joon Hee, a repairman, and Heung Nam, a mechanic, share a room that they rent from the Jang family. Young Chae, Young Wook's spoiled cousin, falls hard for Joon Hee. Heung Nam searches for his love.",7.6,14,50,"['Cha In Pyo', 'Kim Nam Joo', 'Hyun Suk', 'Shim Yang Hong', 'Kim Hae Sook', 'Im Ho']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Park Jong,Kim Jung Soo
2071,Legend Hero,https://mydramalist.com/21798-legend-hero,"Tokusatsu,  Sci-Fi","Robot, Bromance, Friendship ","Bewildered fighter Liu Bei slowly recovers his dream he had as a child. Each Legend Hero has their own dream to achieve. The Dream Battlers such as Sun Ce, who wants to be the best martial artist in the universe, and Cao Cao, who wants to make this world righteous also participate in the spectacular Dream Battle.(Source: WelCon)",7.6,34,50,"['Lee Gi Chang', 'Choi Bae Young', 'Im Seung Joon', 'An So Jin', 'Kim Sun Woong', 'Jung Da Sol']",G - All Ages,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2072,Golden Era of Daughter in Law,https://mydramalist.com/1067-golden-era-of-daughter-in-law,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Eccentric Female Lead, Newlyweds, Multiple Couples, Forbidden Love, Sassy Female Lead, Family Relationship, Mother-Son Relationship, Nice Male Lead, Controlling Parent, Older Man/Younger Woman ","Jo Mi Jin is a new employee of an apparel company who later then becomes the daughter-in-law of a family running a pork hock restaurant with a 60-year-old tradition. Lee Bok Soo, the eldest son of the family, is a planning director at the company Mi Jin works at.The drama will revolve around the life of a new-generation daughter-in-law. Things get complicated when Mi Jin's older brother, In Woo, falls for Bok Soo's younger sister, Bok Nam, and they decide to get married. How will both families adjust to being in-laws with each other again?",7.6,115,52,"['Lee Soo Kyung', 'Kim Ji Hoon', 'Seo Young Hee', 'Lee Pil Mo', 'Park In Hwan', 'Youn Yuh Jung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Unknown,Jo Jung Seon
2073,Sandwich Theory,https://mydramalist.com/75347-sandwich-theory,Romance,"Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series ",Unknown,7.6,9,4,"['Lee Se Hee', 'Kang Min Woo', 'Jeon Hye Yeon']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2074,On the Campus,https://mydramalist.com/33922-on-the-campus,"Comedy,  Youth","Student Supporting Character, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Campus Setting, Young Adult Female Lead, Young Adult Male Lead, Short Length Series, University, Miniseries ",Yoon Hee Yeol dreams of being a singer. Yoo Eun Ho is an aspiring writer. These college students and their friends try to find the way towards their dreams.(Source: MyDramaList),7.6,25,5,"['Yang Hong Seok', 'Lee Yoo Jin', 'Lee Ha Young', 'Lee Yong Nyeo', 'Joe Young Shin', 'Joo Jin Woo']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2075,Just Too Bored,https://mydramalist.com/28957-just-too-bored,"Mystery,  Business,  Comedy,  Romance","Investigation, Workplace Setting, Office Setting, Office Worker Female Lead, Short Length Series, Shy Female Lead, Workplace Romance, Sweet Male Lead, Web Series ","A web-drama depicting office romance that's full of mystery, secrets, and interns trying to navigate through work life.",7.6,97,16,"['Yeon Je Hyung', 'Gong Yoo Rim', 'Kim Young Dae', 'Jo Hye Joo', 'Kim Hyun Mok', 'Im Tu Cheol']",Not Yet Rated,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Han Soo Ji,Unknown
2076,Life Tracker Lee Jae Goo,https://mydramalist.com/12268-life-tracker-lee-jae-goo,"Law,  Drama,  Family",Miniseries ,"The struggles of one man and other characters based on their profession of being a labor attorney. After failing the bar exam, Lee Jae Goo becomes a consultant and labor attorney reclaiming the value of life.",7.6,4,2,"['Park Yong Woo', 'Yoo  Sun', 'Ahn Suk Hwan', 'Son Hwa Ryung', 'Uhm Hyo Sub', 'Choi Jong Hwan']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Unknown,Heo Seon Hee
2077,Moonlight Girls' High School,https://mydramalist.com/68543-moonlight-girls-high-school,"Life,  Youth","Student Female Lead, School Setting, Teenager Female Lead, Short Length Series, Miniseries, High School, Web Series ",Unknown,7.6,6,6,['Kim Na Yeon'],Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2078,Nice Na Ik Soo,https://mydramalist.com/696939-nice-na-ik-soo,"Comedy,  Drama","Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series ",Unknown,7.6,4,5,"['Lee Il Joon', 'Jin So Yeon']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2079,Mumul Zzumul,https://mydramalist.com/725149-mumul-zzumul,"Youth,  Drama","Student Supporting Character, Student Female Lead, School Setting, Teenager Supporting Character, Teenager Female Lead, Short Length Series, Ruined Friendship, Gaslighting, High School, Web Series ","Depicting problems like bullying, dating, gaslighting and friendship issues surrounding high school teenagers.(Source: Xavier Ng at MyDramaList)",7.6,4,14,"['Park Yeon Ah', 'Lee So E', 'Ma Hyun Ji', 'Park Eun Woo', 'Lee So Yi']",Not Yet Rated,Channel A,Unknown,Unknown
2080,Hold My Hand,https://mydramalist.com/8210-hold-my-hand,"Romance,  Drama,  Family,  Melodrama","Innocent Female Lead, Wrongfully Accused, Soap Opera, Betrayal ","A misguided ambition leads to the theft of everything a woman had in her life. Instead of getting revenge, the woman forgives and reconciles with her enemy. This will compel viewers to reconsider their views on revenge. Perhaps, true revenge is not about punishing those who have done you wrong but rather about offering your tormenter a moment to repent, which is the ultimate form of revenge.(Source: MBC)",7.6,20,130,"['Jin Tae Hyun', 'Bae Geu Rin', 'Park Shi Eun', 'Lee Jae Hwang', 'Seo Dong Hyun', 'Bu Bae']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Lee Gye Joon,  Choi Eun Gyung",Hong Seung Hee
2081,Springtime,https://mydramalist.com/8217-springtime,"Romance,  Youth,  Drama,  Melodrama","Spring Setting, Workplace Setting, Workplace Romance, Miniseries, Ex-girlfriend Comes Back, Terminal Illness, Love Square, Female Chases Male First, Unrequited Love ","Life and love for young people living in the '90s with their dreams heading towards the millennium. Yet their dreams are not lofty aspirations but realisable ordinary ones that each of us embraces in our hearts.The main character Hyun Woo, a boyish and outgoing young man, is a computer mechanic who is diligent at work and loves to do all kinds of sports. Deep in his heart, he has never forgotten his first love, Chae Hee, who is now engaged to his high school senior. Thus, he never quite pays attention to the cute Won Young working in the same office. Won Young promises herself not to give up her dreams - her love for Hyun Woo and her ambition to become an announcer on TV eventually.In times of loneliness and anger, she climbs up to the rooftop of her office building and shouts at the top of her voice. This is a drama viewing young people's lifestyles, goals in life and their innocence and purity in love.",7.6,39,10,"['Jang Dong Gun', 'Kim Hyun Joo', 'Kim Ja Ok', 'Hwang In Sung', 'Hwang Soo Jung', 'Song Jae Ho']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,"Lee Joo Hwan,  Kim Sa Hyun,  Lee Chang Soon",Unknown
2082,A DeadbEAT's Meal,https://mydramalist.com/707557-three-hundreds-of-meals,"Food,  Romance,  Life","Healing, Web Series, Character Development, Adapted From A Webtoon ","Jae Ho tries to find a job, but it's not easy for him. He supports himself with working part-time jobs. Recently, his girlfriend Soo Jung dumped him after dating for 7 years. Despite his difficulties, Jae Ho's main concern is ""What should I eat today?""After working day and night for several years at an advertising company, Woon Ho almost died due to overworking. She quit her job after that. Now, it's been 3 months since she has become voluntarily unemployed. She follows her simple belief of ""Let's just think about eating delicious food.""(Source: AsianWiki)",7.6,46,12,"['Ha Seok Jin', 'Go Won Hee', 'Im Hyun Joo', 'Go Woo Jin', 'Lee Sang Jin', 'Won Tae Min']",Not Yet Rated,"Naver TV Cast,  TVING",Kim Joon Mo,Jeon Seon Young
2083,Ruler of Your Own World,https://mydramalist.com/1933-ruler-of-your-own-world,"Romance,  Drama","Opposites Attract, Rich Woman/Poor Man, Terminal Illness ","Go Bok Su has had a difficult childhood and served time in prison for stealing. Jeon Kyung, a moody tomboy and a daughter of a rich family, plays the keyboard as a member of an unknown indie rock band. The vocalist of Kyung's band is diagnosed with a brain injury from an accident, and while the band members are trying to earn money for the surgery, Bok Su steals Kyung's wallet. Bok Su decides that their meeting was fate, leaves his long-time girlfriend Mi Rae, and follows Kyung around trying to win her heart. One day Bok Su finds out he has a terminal illness and doesn’t have much time left, and his life begins to change.",7.6,166,20,"['Yang Dong Geun', 'Lee Na Young', 'Gong Hyo Jin', 'Lee Dong Gun', 'Jo Kyung Hwan', 'Shin Goo']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,MBC,Park Sung Soo,In Jung Ok
2084,Oh My God! Tip,https://mydramalist.com/48923-oh-my-god-tip,Romance,"Miniseries, Web Series ",Unknown,7.6,42,4,"['Im Na Yeon', 'Lee Min Hyuk']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
2085,South of the Sun,https://mydramalist.com/1079-south-of-the-sun,"Romance,  Melodrama",Ex-girlfriend Comes Back ,"South of the Sun is a love story between Kang Sung Jae, who has been in prison despite his innocence and cut off from the world, and Jung Yeun Hee, who appears to be happy on the surface but is suffering from isolation.They find each other through a letter by coincidence and madly falls in love after finding out the loneliness they share equally. But when ex-fiancee of Sun Jae, Min Joo, reappears in Sung Jae's life, they face conflict.",7.6,5,16,"['Choi Min Soo', 'Choi Myung Gil', 'Yoo  Sun', 'Kang Kyung Hun', 'Kim Joon Sung', 'Choi Jin Ho']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Kim Soo Ryong,Kim Eun Sook
2086,Sisters of the Sea,https://mydramalist.com/11500-sisters-of-the-sea,Romance,Unknown,A story aout sisters who experience overwhelming success and overcomes conflicts. (Source: bcmaeil),7.6,5,155,"['Go Jung Min', 'Kim Chan Woo', 'Lee Hyung Chul', 'Lee Yoon Ji', 'Yeo Woon Kye', 'Yoon Gi Won']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Kim Keun Hong,Lee Hee Woo
2087,LOVE-Imong,https://mydramalist.com/57617-love-imong,"Romance,  Youth","Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Young Adult Female Lead, Young Adult Male Lead, Short Length Series, University, Love At First Sight, Miniseries, Web Series ",Unknown,7.6,15,6,"['Kim Bum Su', 'Yoo Byung Hoon']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2088,"The King of Tears, Lee Bang Won",https://mydramalist.com/707971-taejong-yi-bang-won,"Thriller,  Historical,  Drama,  Political","Historical Fiction, Royalty, Joseon Dynasty, Suspense, Consort Supporting Character, Eunuch Supporting Character, Monk/Nun Supporting Character, King Supporting Character, Queen Supporting Character, Prince Supporting Character ","A work that sheds new light on the figure of Lee Bang Won, a leader who took the lead in the founding of the nation.(Source: Naver)",7.6,180,32,"['Joo Sang Wook', 'Kim Yeong Cheol', 'Park Jin Hee', 'Ye Ji Won', 'Uhm Hyo Sub', 'Kim Myung Soo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS1,Kim Hyung Il,Lee Jung Woo
2089,Life Special Investigation Team,https://mydramalist.com/894-life-special-investigation-team,"Action,  Mystery,  Romance","Insurance Industry, Investigation ","This drama is about an insurance investigation team who investigates foul play and insurance cheats. They are a group of normal employees who decide to take a stand, unearthing the truth hidden beneath the lies and discovering the dark secrets of those in power. Everyone has a secret they want to keep under covers forever, and insurance agents and policy holders are no different.",7.6,140,12,"['Uhm Ki Joon', 'Shim Eun Jin', 'Kim Heung Soo', 'Seo Yoo Jung', 'Jung Kyu Soo', 'Sol Bi']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Lee Dong Yoon,  Kim Kyung Hee",Kim Soo Jin
2090,The Ordinary Life of Ms. 'O'! Season 3,https://mydramalist.com/32495-the-ordinary-life-of-ms-o-season-3,"Comedy,  Life","Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series ",Unknown,7.6,27,8,"['Lee Chae Eun', 'Jang Se Won', 'Shin Soo Oh', 'Coffee Boy', 'Jeon Yeo Jin']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2091,The King's Woman,https://mydramalist.com/3756-kings-woman,"Historical,  Drama","Historical Figure, Historical Fiction, Gwanghae, Adapted From A Novel, Joseon Dynasty ","This drama centers around Lady Kim, a scheming concubine, and the events from the reign of King Seon Jo to Prince Gwang Hae, which were filled with acts of immorality and bloodshed; all in the name of protecting the throne. Prince Kwang Hae’s sinful act of immorality didn’t only take place in the Joseon dynasty. Under the name of protecting the throne, a parent killed their children, a brother killed a brother, and a wife killed a husband. But, their history was not written to be a just sinful act of immorality. No one can say the other kings might not have done what Prince Kwang Hae did if they were in his position as his throne was seriously threatened.~~ Adapted from the novel ""Jago Ganeun Jeo Gureuma"" (자고 가는 저 구름아) by Park Jong Hwa (박종화).",7.6,37,42,"['Ji Sung', 'Park Sun Young', 'Im Dong Jin', 'Hong Soo Hyun', 'Lee Ah Hyun', 'Ahn Hong Jin']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Jung Hyo,Unknown
2092,Nonstop Season 3,https://mydramalist.com/1176-nonstop-3,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth,  Sitcom","Student Supporting Character, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, Dormitory Setting, Young Adult Female Lead, Young Adult Male Lead, University, Friendship ",This is another season of the Nonstop sitcom which shows the everyday life of students who live in a dorm.,7.6,23,303,"['Son Dam Bi', 'Ha Ha', 'Choi Min Yong', 'Jo Han Sun', 'Kim Jung Hwa', 'Jeon Hye Bin']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Kim Min Shik,Baek Ji Hyun
2093,Noise,https://mydramalist.com/74859-noise,"Youth,  Supernatural","School Setting, Short Length Series, Miniseries, Lying, Web Series, Student ",Unknown,7.6,10,7,"['Son Ye Ji', 'Kim Jin Woo', 'Moon Ji Won', 'Kim Jang Won', 'Kusumi Mizuki']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2094,Lights and Shadows,https://mydramalist.com/3095-lights-and-shadows,"Military,  Comedy,  Romance,  Political","Troublemaker Male Lead, Vietnam War, 1980s, Assassination, Coup D'Etat, Time Skip, 1960s, 1970s, 1990s, War ","The storyline covers periods from the 1960s to the present day. Various historical incidents like the Vietnam War, the May 16 military coup d'etat, and the assassination of Korean President Park Chung Hee.Ki Tae is described as Korea's first entertainer. He debuted at an American military base stage and worked in the show business during the 1960s. Ki Tae is the son of the richest man in Soonyang. He works at a cinema, which is one of several businesses owned by his father, but he is more interested in having fun than work. Ki Tae is just a troublemaker to his father. One day his father checks his account book and finds that some numbers are missing. Ki Tae explains that he invested 10,000,000 won on making a movie to show in the cinema on Korean Thanksgiving Day. His father stipulates that this is the last chance for Ki Tae.(Source: Asianwiki)",7.6,47,64,"['Ahn Jae Wook', 'Nam Sang Mi', 'Son Dam Bi', 'Lee Pil Mo', 'Son Jin Young', 'Shin Da Eun']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,"Lee Sang Yeob,  Lee Joo Hwan,  Yoon Ji Hoon",Choi Wan Kyu
2095,Welcome to the Lesbian Bar,https://mydramalist.com/750245-welcome-to-the-lesbian-bar,"Romance,  Life","Bar Setting, Female Centered Plot, Bartender Female Lead, Miniseries, Part-time Worker Supporting Character, Short Length Series, LGBTQ+, Web Series, Lesbian Female Lead, Lesbian Romance ",Unknown,7.6,61,5,"['Lee Si Young', 'Nam Ga Ye', 'Kang Jeong Eun', 'Song Hye Lin', 'Jang Saem Yi', 'Oh Yeo Min']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2096,TV Novel,https://mydramalist.com/8747-tv-novel-gold-land,"Historical,  Romance,  Drama,  Family,  Melodrama",Unknown,A drama about a heroine named Jeong Soon-geum who succeeds in her ginseng business around the Limjin River in the 1950s to 1970s.,7.6,15,163,"['Kang Ye Sol', 'Kang Eun Tak', 'Baek Seung Hee', 'Lee Byung Hoon', 'Park Ha Young', 'Uhm Do Hyun']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Shin Hyun Soo,Lee Seon Hee
2097,Indomitable Daughters-in-Law,https://mydramalist.com/2458-indomitable-daughters-in-law,Drama,Family ,"The story of three generations of daughters-in-law who have lived in a 300-year-old traditional house. Choi Mak Nyeo is the daughter-in-law of the 11th generation. She may be small of stature, stubborn and recalcitrant, but she has lead the large household with dignity and her powerful charisma ever since her husband died.Cha Hye Ja is the daughter-in-law of the 12th generation. She lost her husband in an accident when she was young, and since then she has been dedicated to her role as a daughter-in-law of the family, taking care of the family with warmth. One day, however, her lover from the past suddenly shows up, and Hye Ja is thrown into a quandary.Oh Young Shim is the 13th generation daughter-in-law, adored by everyone for her bright personality and optimism. Unfortunately, her lack of children even after 10 years of marriage makes her increasingly guilty. The situation worsens when her husband has an affair and demands a divorce, but is killed in a sudden traffic accident.(Source: DramaWiki)",7.6,33,113,"['Kang Boo Ja', 'Shin Ae Ra', 'Lee Ha Nee', 'Park  Yoon Jae', 'Kim Bo Yun', 'Joon Hyung']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,"Oh Hyun Chang,  Lee Min Woo",Goo Hyun Sook
2098,Pearl Necklace,https://mydramalist.com/12743-pearl-necklace,"Romance,  Drama",Unknown,Unknown,7.6,5,52,"['Kim Yoo Mi', 'Kim Min Jong', 'Yoon Tae Young', 'Chae Min Seo', 'Choi Ran', 'Kim Yun Joo']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Moon Joon Ha,Unknown
2099,Detective Mr. Lee,https://mydramalist.com/12959-detective-mr.-lee,"Action,  Mystery","Miniseries, Investigation, Detective ",A group of detectives who solve crimes.,7.6,7,8,"['Park Eun Hye', 'Lee Won Jong', 'Lee Tae Gon', 'Choi Phillip', 'Kang Shin Il', 'Noh Min Woo']",Not Yet Rated,tvN,Kim Pyung Joong,Unknown
2100,Big Forest,https://mydramalist.com/30474-big-forest,"Comedy,  Life,  Drama","Debt, Black Comedy, Second Chance, Riches To Rags, Loan Shark Male Lead, Slight Romance, Miniseries, Family ","Shin Dong Yup used to be a top star, but he is not anymore. Jung Sang Hoon is a single father and he works as a loan shark. Im Cheong Ah is a Korean-Chinese single mother. They live in the Daerim Neighborhood of Seoul, South Korea and struggle to make a living.",7.6,76,10,"['Shin Dong Yup', 'Jung Sang Hoon', 'Choi Hee Seo', 'Kim Seo Yoon', 'Heo Sung Tae', 'Choi Won Hong']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Park Soo Won,"Bae Se Young,  Kwak Kyung Yoon,  Kim Hyeon Hee"
2101,Everyday Loves,https://mydramalist.com/63647-everyday-loves,"Comedy,  Romance","Healing, Older Woman/Younger Man, Web Series, Short Length Series, Miniseries ","Jeong-jin gets dumped by her boyfriend and resigns from the company at which they used to work together. Meanwhile, Hyeon-seong starts working part-time in the neighborhood where he used to spend time with his late girlfriend. The two of them keep running into each other at a convenience store he works at, and he eventually begins to care about her. One day, she goes out to a park in order to practice cycling as a means to overcome her sorrow. She happens to meet Hyeon-seong there, and he decides to help her out. One was dumped by someone she loved while the other lost someone he loved. Will they be able to fall in love again?(Source: HanCinema)",7.6,47,10,"['Im Do Yoon', 'Jung In Tae', 'Kim Sa Hun', 'Kim Chul Hwan']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2102,Political Fever,https://mydramalist.com/693457-going-to-the-blue-house,"Comedy,  Sitcom,  Political","Sexual Abuse, Black Comedy, Kidnapping ","A black comedy political sitcom about an Olympic gold medalist who was appointed as minister of Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism and is facing a kidnapping incident of her husband who is a political critic. (Source: HanCinema)",7.6,105,12,"['Kim Sung Ryung', 'Bae Hae Seon', 'Baek Hyun Jin', 'Lee Hak Joo', 'Jung Seung Kil', 'Lee Chae Eun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Yoon Sung Ho,"Park Noo Ri,  Kim Hong Ik,  Choi Sung Jin"
2103,Just Run!,https://mydramalist.com/5857-just-run,Comedy,Unknown,A drama that focus on the life of policemen and policewomen in a very comical and touching way.,7.6,8,21,"['Kim Ji Suk', 'Ryu Hyun Kyung', 'Choi Jin Hyuk', 'Jang  Hyo Jin', 'Jeon Hye Jin', 'Lee Ho Jae']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,"Ji Byung Hyun,  Kim Jung Min","Hwang Da Eun,  Lee Myung Sook"
2104,Cat Chef,https://mydramalist.com/21419-cat-chef,Food,Miniseries ,"The story of a Korean cuisine chef, Yeo Moon Joon who runs a restaurant in Vietnam. The drama introduces various recipes that are as sweet as the romantic love story of the young and talented chef and his beautiful lady customer with incredibly sensitive palate.",7.6,9,10,"['Lee Ki Woo', 'Kim So Ra', 'Cho Hye Jin', 'Yook Jin Soo']",Not Yet Rated,O'live,Unknown,Unknown
2105,The Bizarre Bunch,https://mydramalist.com/2826-the-bizarre-bunch,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Multiple Mains, Family Secret, Multiple Couples, Pregnancy, Family ","The story revolves around the entire 'Jang family' children and their children. Grandma Suh has two sons (Jang Jae Do and Jang Jae Man) and one daughter (Jang Jae Ok). The oldest is Jae-do, who is forced out of his work and begins to look for labour jobs while his wife, Min Sook a traditional home-maker tries to get their slow moving son Jang Ki Woong onto the right track in life and love.(Source: KoreanDrama.org)",7.6,32,170,"['Kim Ah Joong', 'Jung Joon', 'Go Joo Won', 'Kim Sung Eun', 'Kim Young Ok', 'Kang In Duk']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS1,"Park Gi Ho,  Lee Duk Gun",Unknown
2106,Working Mom Parenting Daddy,https://mydramalist.com/17327-working-mom-parenting-daddy,"Comedy,  Drama,  Family,  Melodrama",Unknown,"In Korea, many married couples have dual incomes while raising kids. Affluent couples have the luxury of hiring nannies and pricey SAT consultants for their college-bound children while poor and lower middle class families with kids have to juggle childcare responsibilities while balancing work. In a society where young married couples are encouraged to have children without any provincial or government support for families with kids, working Korean couples are grappling with the issue of childcare. This TV series illustrates these issues and asks viewers what choice they would make for the sake of their children.(Source: MBC)",7.6,77,120,"['Hong Eun Hee', 'Park Gun Hyung', 'Oh Jung Yeon', 'Han Ji Sang', 'Shin Eun Jung', 'Gong Jung Hwan']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Park Won Gook,  Choi Yi Sup",Unknown
2107,Sweet and Salty Office,https://mydramalist.com/30634-sweet-and-salty-office,"Food,  Romance",Miniseries ,"Do Eun Soo is a single woman in her 30s who lives a mundane predictable life working as an office worker, trying to get through tough times calmly with all the office survival skills she learnt through the years.  She deals with the challenges in her work by finding comfort with delicious food.With the arrival of handsome new co-worker Lee Ji Yong and long-time colleague Yoo Woong Jae's sudden change of demeanor towards her, Eun Soo soon finds herself in an office love triangle.(Source: pop.inquirer.net, edited by frangirl at MyDramaList)",7.6,35,10,"['Lee Chung Ah', 'Song Won Seok', 'Song  Jae Hee', 'Joo Sae Byuk', 'Jeon Heon Tae', 'Yoon Soo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC every1,Lee Hyun Joo,Unknown
2108,Welcome to Royal Villa,https://mydramalist.com/7347-welcome-to-royal-villa,"Comedy,  Sitcom",Miniseries ,"“Welcome To Noyal Villa” will be about the stories of people who live in a royal villa portrayed in a comic, sitcom-like way.",7.6,141,10,"['Kim Byung Man', 'Oh Cho Hee', 'Onew', 'Ryu Dam', 'Woo Hyun', 'Shin Bong Sun']",Not Yet Rated,jTBC,Unknown,Unknown
2109,Office Watch Season 3,https://mydramalist.com/33295-office-watch-3,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Workplace Setting, Office Setting, Office Worker Female Lead, Short Length Series, Workplace Romance, Eccentric Female Lead, Older Woman/Younger Man, Eccentric Male Lead, Web Series, Boss-Employee Relationship ","The office story of WHYNOT Communications' advertisement planning team, who doesn't do what the company tells them to do, but they're more interested in rumors than work and love rather than promotion.",7.6,135,14,"['Baek Soo Hee', 'Cho So Bin', 'Jin So Yeon', 'Han Seo Jin', 'Byeon Woo Seok', 'Seo Dong Oh']",Not Yet Rated,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Unknown,Unknown
2110,Queen In Hyeon,https://mydramalist.com/12328-queen-in-hyeon,Historical,Unknown,"The eighth installment of 500 Years of Joseon Dynasty covers the reign of King Suk Jong in the late 17th-early 18th Centuries. More than any of Suk Jong's own accomplishments, however, his reign was marked by political instability between court factions and was particularly well-known for the rivalry between the power-hungry Jang Hee Bin and the kind and virtuous Queen In Hyeon. Jang Hee Bin's scheming and seduction of Suk Jong elevated her from the rank of so-ui to hee-bin and finally Queen Consort. Queen In Hyeon, Suk Jong's second queen, was deposed, but Suk Jong eventually regretted his hasty actions and reinstated her, sentencing Jang Hee Bin to death.",7.6,8,71,"['Park Soon Ae', 'Jeon In Hwa', 'Kang  Suk Woo', 'Lee Mi Ji', 'Lee Dong Shin', 'Kim Dong Hyun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Lee Byung Hoon,Shin Bong Seung
2111,More Beautiful Than a Flower,https://mydramalist.com/207-more-beautiful-than-a-flower,"Romance,  Drama","Female Centered Plot, Sisters' Relationship, Multiple Mains, Family ","This series revolves around bright hardworking loving mother Go Doo Shim as Lee Young Ja who does her best to insure that her family has a happy life. Her husband Joo Hyun as Kim Do Chil unfortunately ruins the atmosphere of the happy family by having an affair with a woman who comes to carry his child. The eldest daughter Bae Jung Ok as Mi Oak suggests to her mother that she get a divorce, while the youngest daughter Han Go Eun as Mi Soo finds attraction to the handsome looks of an investor who harbors a deep dark secret. Will this family be torn apart or can it be salvaged?",7.6,54,30,"['Go Doo Shim', 'Bae Jong Ok', 'Han Go Eun', 'Kim Myung Min', 'Joo Hyun', 'Kim Heung Soo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Kim Chul Gyu,  Ki Min Soo",Noh Hee Kyung
2112,Your Heaven,https://mydramalist.com/1461-your-heaven,Drama,"Miniseries, Family ","A drama about the meaning of family, exploring the lifelong dedication and all-abiding love that parents have towards their children, who are never satisfied but forever wanting more.",7.6,3,2,"['Choi Bool Am', 'Jung Young Sook', 'Jung Ae Ri', 'Kim Jin Geun', 'Kang Nam Gil', 'Kim Min Ha']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Joo Dong Min,Unknown
2113,The Reason I Live,https://mydramalist.com/6941-the-reason-i-live,"Life,  Drama",Unknown,Set against the backdrop of the 1970's it tells the story of a young man's troubles who dreams of having a normal life.,7.6,3,44,"['Son Chang Min', 'Lee Young Ae', 'Kim Ho Jin', 'Kim Hyun Joo', 'Go Doo Shim', 'Kim Moo Saeng']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Unknown,Noh Hee Kyung
2114,Partner,https://mydramalist.com/15048-partner,"Comedy,  Romance",Unknown,"The comical drama follows the lives of Korean Air flight attendants, both in the work arena as well as in their romantic relationships.",7.6,3,163,"['Kim Hye Soo', 'Ahn Jae Wook', 'Yoon Mi Ra', 'Im Ye Jin', 'Lee Jong Won', 'Chae Rim']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,"Ahn Pan Seok,  Lee Tae Gon,  Kim Yoon Cheol,  Jung Se Ho","Choi Yoon Jung,  Kim In Young"
2115,What a Wonderful World,https://mydramalist.com/46607-what-a-wonderful-world,Life,"Miniseries, Web Series ",Unknown,7.6,4,8,"['Han Ji Hyun', 'Jeon Young']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2116,A Madly Realistic Story,https://mydramalist.com/75093-a-madly-realistic-story,"Romance,  Youth","School Setting, University, Web Series, Unrequited Love ",Unknown,7.6,3,11,Unknown,Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2117,Strong Underdog,https://mydramalist.com/752443-strong-underdog,"Action,  Comedy","Mentor-Mentee Relationship, Weak To Strong Protagonist, Bully Male Lead, Transfer Student Supporting Character, Student Supporting Character, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Personal Trainer Supporting Character, Fraternal Twin Male Lead, Mentor Supporting Character ","As a high school student, Jung Woo isn’t exactly at the top of his class's social hierarchy. In fact, as one who is bullied daily, Jung Woo could easily be considered one of the lowest, most unlucky students in his entire school. Struggling every day just to get by, Jung Woo does everything he can to hang on long enough to graduate. But when Jae Seong and his cronies decide to hold a fighting tournament among the school’s weakest students, Jung Woo finds himself caught up in the school’s biggest, most talked-about event of the year. Determined not to lose, Jung Woo heads to the gym to train, but it isn’t until he meets the school’s new transfer student, Min Ah, that he finds the inspiration he needs to truly fight back. (Source: Viki)",7.6,99,6,"['Lee Dae Hwi', 'Kim Do Yeon', 'Shin Jae Hwi', 'Chae Won Bin', 'Jang Yeon Woo', 'Song Young Kyu']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Unknown,Ryu Kwang Hyun,Unknown
2118,The Ordinary Life of Ms. 'O'! Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/32494-the-ordinary-life-of-ms-o-season-2,"Business,  Comedy,  Life","Office Worker Female Lead, Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series ","Sometimes in life and work, you have someone you feel grateful for; there is also the choice between dieting and eating well, meeting an office couple, thinking of ways to be healthy and happy, the thought of quitting, and finding a new hobby or traveling as one of the ways to keep going.",7.6,34,8,"['Lee Chae Eun', 'Jang Se Won', 'Shin Soo Oh', 'Coffee Boy', 'Im Chul Soo', 'Jeon Yeo Jin']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2119,Pluto Squad,https://mydramalist.com/9162-pluto-squad,"Mystery,  Youth","Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Amateur Detective Female Lead, Amateur Detective Male Lead, Child Female Lead, Child Male Lead, Elementary School, Investigation ",A children's mystery drama about four kid detectives solving various cases happening at school.,7.6,17,16,"['Kim Ji Min', 'Yoon Chan Young', 'Tang Jun Sang', 'Yoo Jun', 'Park Si Eun', 'Heo Jung Min']",Not Yet Rated,EBS,Unknown,Unknown
2120,To Me to You,https://mydramalist.com/696475-to-my-you,Drama,"Disability, Friendship ","Reflects on the meaning of a 'life friend', the real friend we need through the process of becoming a real friend beyond the prejudice of disability.(Source: HanCinema)",7.5,44,1,"['Yeon Je Hyung', 'Im Na Young', 'Lee Min Goo', 'Lee Il Hwa', 'Lee Jong Hyuk', 'Lee Dae Hyeong']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS1,Unknown,Unknown
2121,Happy Talk Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/44509-happy-talk-season-2,Comedy,"Female Centered Plot, Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series, Friendship ",Unknown,7.5,4,10,"['JooE', 'Yeonwoo', 'Gong Yoo Rim', 'Park Eun Woo']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
2122,Medical Brothers,https://mydramalist.com/9149-medical-brothers,"Romance,  Drama,  Medical,  Melodrama","Hospital Setting, Surgeon Male Lead, Innocent Female Lead, Brothers' Relationship, Uncle-Nephew Relationship, Brother-Sister Relationship, Flirty Male Lead, Dissociative Amnesia, Heart Transplant, Mental Illness ","Both brothers and rivals, Kim Su Hyung and Kim Jun Ki are doctors at the same hospital. Young and promising figures in the field, Su Hyung and Jun Ki are dedicated to their profession, though not always as disciplined in other matters. Su Hyung's rash and insensitive personality often brings tears to his longtime girlfriend Min Joo, who is also a doctor. The brothers face crises in both their personal and professional lives when Jun Ki's mistake leads to his friend's wife's passing and Su Hyung discovers a family secret concerning his identity.(Source: leleonorab35 at IMDb)",7.5,31,16,"['Lee Young Ae', 'Jang Dong Gun', 'Son Chang Min', 'Shin Joo Ri', 'Jung Wook', 'Lee Min Young']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Unknown,Kim Ji Soo
2123,My Life's Golden Age,https://mydramalist.com/5424-my-lifes-golden-age,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama",Unknown,"When two previously divorced people get married and raise their children together, they name their children after the golden period of life, hwang-geum-ki, hoping that their children will reach this period in life sooner than they did. They have no idea what their children will have to go through before reaching hwang-geum-ki, however. Lee Hwang, the eldest daughter, has been married for five years with a daughter and a successful career, but underneath she is anything but happy. When she runs into an old flame, she embarks on a reckless path.Lee Geum, the second daughter, has chronic myelogenous leukemia, a serious condition which constantly takes a toll on her life and happiness. Bright and cheerful, however, she pours her energy into her job as a track team coach, while secretly trying to repay her birth father's hospital bills.Lee Ki, the youngest son, successfully graduated from med school and became an intern at a hospital, but his real dream is to become a musical actor. When he quits the hospital in order to take dance lessons, he must hide it from the rest of his family while dealing with his sisters' issues.Enter Go Kyung Woo, a TV producer at a major network whose success has made him arrogantly indifferent to the troubles of others. When he and Lee Geum meet, sparks fly but can he learn to care about her, especially with her disease? Lee Ki, meanwhile, has another problem - he just might be falling in love with his sister-in-law...",7.5,87,56,"['Lee So Yeon', 'Moon So Ri', 'Lee Jong Won', 'Shin Sung Rok', 'Jin Yi Han', 'Jang Yong']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,"Kim Dae Jin,  Jung Se Ho",Lee Jung Sun
2124,I Believe in Love,https://mydramalist.com/281-i-believe-in-love,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Entertainment Industry, Forbidden Love, Secret Relationship, Multiple Mains, Mother-Son Relationship, Multiple Couples, Marriage, Working Mom, Record Producer Male Lead, Big Family ","The story of Vice-Principal Kim and his wife, and the trials and tribulations they face in order to create a warm and happy family.",7.5,118,62,"['Sun Woo Yong Nyeo', 'Song Jae Ho', 'Hwang Woo Seul Hye', 'Lee Pil Mo', 'Park Joo Mi', 'Lee Jae Ryong']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,KBS2,Lee Jae Sang,Jo Jung Seon
2125,Beginning,https://mydramalist.com/715591-beginning,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Youth","School Setting, Dancer Male Lead, Artbeat, Short Length Series, University, Web Series, Dance, Friendship ","Everything happens for the first time, everyone is the same when it is their first time or beginning. When we start something from the beginning, we always hear the sentence ""We were all like that at first~"". Love life and different stories surrounding campus students and their struggles. A romance that reflects the reality of college students who are in the middle of their 20s.(Source: Xavier Ng at MyDramaList)",7.5,64,24,"['Oh Yu Bin', 'Su Hwan', 'Moon Kyu', 'Se Young', 'Seo Jae Min', 'Gaeun']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2126,Heart.zip,https://mydramalist.com/725693-heart-zip,Romance,"Short Length Series, Anthology, Steamy Kiss, Miniseries, Web Series ",Unknown,7.5,42,5,['Ahn Jung Hun'],Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2127,Into the Flames,https://mydramalist.com/9551-into-the-flames,"Historical,  Drama,  Political",Based On True Story ,The true story of chairman Park Tae-joon who lead the impossible to success along with various fictional stories that show the financial growth of Korea.,7.5,22,20,"['Son Tae Young', 'Choi Soo Jong', 'Ryu Jin', 'Lee In Hye', 'Choi Chul Ho', 'Jung Ho Bin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,TV Chosun,Kim Sang Rae,"Jung Sung Hee,  Lee Han Ho"
2128,Poetry Story,https://mydramalist.com/25956-poetry-story,"Comedy,  Life,  Drama","Office Worker Female Lead, Short Length Series, Adapted From A Poem, Nice Female Lead, Hardworking Female Lead, Miniseries, Poetry, Strong Female Lead, Web Series ","Ah Chim is a 20-something girl who is just starting out in her career. ""Poetry Story"" chronicles her relatable adventures and challenges as well as her personal and social life, from shopping to dating. Things that could happen to any newbie at an office are shown through Ha Sang Wook's poems in this drama.(Source: HanCinema)",7.5,79,10,"['Kim So Hye', 'Yoon Yong Joon', 'Ha Sang Wook', 'Bae Yoon Kyung']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Naver TV Cast,"Park Jin Woo,  Lee Hyo Won",Jeon Ran
2129,Secret Crushes Season 3,https://mydramalist.com/22172-unrequited-love-season-3,"Romance,  Youth,  Drama","School Setting, Short Length Series, University, Multiple Mains, Web Series, Student, Unrequited Love ","Crushes are waiting everywhere but found nowhere. Are you wondering where you stand with him or her?Romantic relationships in your 20s are clumsy and incomplete. They have a crush on somebody dreaming of complete love.""The Omniscient Viewpoint on Crushes"" depicts youths that have a crush in the omniscient viewpoint.",7.5,67,22,"['Yeo Hoe Hyun', 'Byeon Woo Seok', 'Yang Hye Ji', 'Jo Ki Sung', 'Bang Yoo In', 'Lee Jin Yi']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
2130,Oh Lovers,https://mydramalist.com/5867-oh-lovers,Romance,Infidelity ,"The day before the wedding… At a hotel room, Ae Young is waiting for her fiancé Hyun Suk who she will be marrying the next day. All of a sudden, another woman appears in the room and claims to be Hyun Suk’s lover and threatens her that she will take her own life if she doesn't call off the marriage.Same hotel, different room… Dong Woo and Jae In are also waiting to get married the next day. Dong Woo is taking care of Jae In who is experiencing morning sickness. He is happy to be caring for her and their future child that she will give birth to. But Jae In reveals a shocking confession that the baby might not be his. Jae In vows to only love Dong Woo for the rest of her life if he can promise to love the child regardless of who the father is.Dong Woo and Ae Young both leave their hotel rooms at the same time to walk along the pond to try to deal with each of their disturbing problems. That is how Dong Woo and Ae Young have their first encounter. They go their separate ways with a promise to meet six months later to see if they are living happily or not.",7.5,4,20,"['Lee Hyung Chul', 'Yoon Son Ha', 'Kim Seo Hyung', 'Yoo Oh Sung', 'Jang Yong', 'Kwon Hae Hyo']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Kang Shin Hyo,Han Joon Young
2131,Present,https://mydramalist.com/12669-present,"Drama,  Family",Unknown,"This drama is about the lives of adopted children. Hye-jin's family is poor, but very loving and happy.",7.5,4,18,"['Song Yoon Ah', 'Kim Young Chan', 'Yang Geum Suk', 'Go Yong Hwa', 'Song Jae Ho', 'Son Ji Chang']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Unknown,Unknown
2132,"Freedom Fighter, Lee Hoe Young",https://mydramalist.com/1129-freedom-fighter-lee-hoe-young,"Action,  Historical","Historical Fiction, Showa Era, Miniseries, Japanese Colonial Rule ","A four-part drama produced for the 100th anniversary of the occupation of Korea by Japan. Freedom Fighter, Lee Hoe Young will be the third and final instalment of a series of dramas by KBS that focus on noblesse oblige and famous individuals who sacrificed much to provide for their fellow countrymen. Lee Hoe Young was an independence fighter who donated his savings and started a school for soldiers and scholars in China, but was later captured and tortured by the Japanese. Kimura Junpei is a Japanese reporter that he meets.",7.5,34,5,"['Ahn Jae Mo', 'Jung Dong Hwan', 'Kim  Gyu Chul', 'Kim Ha Kyun', 'Lee Dae Ro', 'Kim Eung Soo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS1,Shin Chang Seok,"Jung Hyun Min,  Kwak In Haeng"
2133,Into the Sunlight,https://mydramalist.com/2317-into-the-sunlight,"Romance,  Drama,  Family,  Melodrama","Lonely Female Lead, Family Conflict, Poor Female Lead, Poor Male Lead, Evil Stepmother, Revenge, Friendship, Underworld, Illegitimate Female Lead, Rude Male Lead ","Self-absorbed and rebellious, In Ha constantly knocks heads with his disapproving father and estranged brother Myung Ha, an angry gangster that has nothing but hate for the family he never knew. Lee Yeon hee lost her parents at an early age, and she has competitive nature and pride which prevent him from getting close to everyone. Jung Soo Bin is an illegitimate daughter of a billionaire having trouble with depression. When the brothers' relationships with In Ha's troubled fiancee and Myung Ha's close friend begin to cross over, they must come to terms with each other or risk losing both their family and true love. The story is about their struggle and hopes to overcome their problems.",7.5,119,16,"['Cha Tae Hyun', 'Kim Hyun Joo', 'Jang Hyuk', 'Kim Ha Neul', 'Park Geun Hyung', 'Sun Woo Yong Nyeo']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Park Sung Soo,"Kim Ki Ho,  Lee Sun Mi"
2134,Cheongchunhyang Jeon,https://mydramalist.com/713287-youth-chunhyang,Romance,"Interactive, Love Triangle, Clumsy Female Lead, Web Series ","“Chung Chun Hyang Jeon” will tell the story of 24-year-old Chun Hyang in 2021, who works as a staff member at a guesthouse to repay her student debt. She fell in love with Mong Ryong when she was 18, but lost contact with him for six years after he moved to Seoul. He suddenly returns as a medical student, but a young entrepreneur named Byun Hak Do shakes things up for the couple.(Source: Soompi)~~ The drama is inspired by renown tale of Chunhyang.",7.5,36,1,"['Sei', 'Rocky', 'Kim Do Kyung', 'Elly']",G - All Ages,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2135,Late Blossom,https://mydramalist.com/3876-late-blossom-2012,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","Game Developer Male Lead, Gaming ","Jung Min Chae works as a civil service officer instead of serving his military enlistment. He is smart. He first entered Seoul University. At Seoul University, he developed a game and became a legendary figure in the gaming industry. He looks successful, but, in fact, he has sad family history. While he works as a civil service officer, he then meets social worker Kim Yeon Ah. They soon fall in love.",7.5,36,16,"['Kim Hyung Jun', 'Kim Yun Seo', 'Lee Soon Jae', 'Jo Yang Ja', 'Kim Kwang Gyu', 'Jung In Ki']",Not Yet Rated,SBS Plus,Yoon Ryu Hae,Unknown
2136,The Birth of a Married Woman,https://mydramalist.com/21700-the-birth-of-a-married-woman,"Comedy,  Romance","Short Length Series, Married Life, Wedding, Miniseries, Marriage ",The drama tells stories about wedding planning with a great deal of details that nobody has told you so far.,7.5,55,10,"['Yoon Seung Ah', 'Lee Joon Hyuk', 'Sung Byung Sook', 'Lee Mi Young', 'Park Choong Seon', 'Yang Young Jo']",Not Yet Rated,SBS Plus,Lee Jung Hoon,Unknown
2137,Happy Sisters,https://mydramalist.com/26476-happy-sisters,"Romance,  Melodrama","Infidelity, Older Woman/Younger Man, Marriage Of Convenience, Multiple Couples, Rich Man/Poor Woman ","Yoon Ye Eun's husband of 7 years has a profitable business and they move into a new house. Then, she finds out about his affair. Her sister Yoon Sang Eun is in debt and runs a piano institute. She meets someone through a matchmaking agency and considers entering a contract marriage to pay off her debts.(Source: SBS International)",7.5,163,120,"['Shim Yi Young', 'Han Young', 'Oh Dae Gyu', 'Kang Seo Joon', 'Lee Shi Kang', 'Ban So Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,"Lee Jung Hoon,  Ko Heung Sik",Unknown
2138,Return of Fortunate Bok,https://mydramalist.com/23112-return-of-fortunate-bok,"Romance,  Family,  Melodrama",Unknown,"There is one parent who stands out as an exception in the posh Gangnam neighborhood and her name is Bok Dang Ji. She moved to Gangnam and lives paycheck to paycheck and believes that she is blessed like Cinderella because the man she married was someone she had a crush on. Then she meets a prosecutor who has a privileged life and a lot in common with her. He was born poor but reached the wealthy elite class through sheer determination. His name is Han Jung Wook. But one day, they both find their lives spiraling downward. This show revolves around Bok Dan Ji, a Gangnam mom, and Han Jung Wook, who is rudely knocked off his perch as a member of the wealthy elite, whereupon they gradually develop a relationship and find true love.(Source: MBC America)",7.5,28,122,"['Kang Sung Yun', 'Go Se Won', 'Song Sun Mi', 'Lee Pil Mo', 'Park In Hwan', 'Kim Na Woon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Kwon Sung Chang,Ma Joo Hee
2139,Sometoon 2021,https://mydramalist.com/699545-sometoon-2021,"Romance,  Youth","Web Series, School Setting, Short Length Series, Multiple Mains, Multiple Couples, First Love, Adapted From A Webtoon, Friendship ","""Sometoon 2021"" depicts the life of youths through high school and college, incorporating scenarios such as blind dates, friendships, first and past loves, and more.(Source: Koreaboo.com)~~ Adapted from the webtoon ""Sometoon"" (썸툰) by Mohito Mohikan (모히또모히칸).",7.5,51,20,"['Yoo Su Yeon', 'Kim Byeong Kwan', 'Jeon Seon Ah', 'Wooju', 'Hwang Sung Bin', 'Taeryoung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2140,What Is Love?,https://mydramalist.com/5755-what-is-love,"Romance,  Drama",Family ,"""What is Love"" centers around two close families with sharply contrasting values. One consists of medical resident Lee Dae Bal, his mother and father and his younger sister Sung Shil and is conservative and patriarchic, the other consists of college student Park Ji Eun, her siblings Jung Eun and Jung Sup, her two maternal aunts and her parents. They are progressive, modern and utilitarian. This drama comically portrays the troubles that arise as these two families become quarrelsome in-laws by Ji Eun and Dae Bal's marriage and the conflicts that arise between Ji Eun and her in-laws, delivering a message about the importance of balancing traditional and progressive values.(Source: Jungjeon-mama at MyDramaList)",7.5,5,55,"['Ha Hee Ra', 'Choi Min Soo', 'Lee Soon Jae', 'Kim Hye Ja', 'Im Chae Won', 'Youn Yuh Jung']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Park Chul,Kim Soo Hyun
2141,Steal My Heart,https://mydramalist.com/8966-steal-my-heart,Drama,Unknown,"The love and dreams of youth in the city. A heart throbbing TV series showing the various lifestyles of city youths in their 20s. Easy going Ye Rin, in her senior year of art school, has a crush on Seok Chan who has been her friend since childhood. She feels empty because there is no spark between them and Ki Jo, a nude model and a bartender steps in. Hee Su who wants to be a musical actress likes Ki Jo but is afraid she’ll be hurt.",7.5,10,16,"['Park Shin Yang', 'Han Jae Suk', 'Lee Tae Ran', 'Kim Nam Joo', 'Jun Ji Hyun', 'Heo Young Ran']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Oh Jong Rok,Bae Yoo Mi
2142,Natural Romance,https://mydramalist.com/55687-natural-romance,"Comedy,  Romance","Web Series, Short Length Series, Miniseries ","A romantic comedy that contains what happens when Seol Ah, an environmental engineering student who is not interested in the environment, and Ki Chan, who is an environmental attorney who practices eco-friendly life thoroughly, meets.",7.5,9,5,"['Mu Jin Sung', 'Yoo Hye In', 'Lim Jung Min']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
2143,Blue Temperature,https://mydramalist.com/754627-blue-temperature,"Romance,  Youth","Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, Short Length Series, Miniseries, High School, Web Series, First Love ","Set in the picturesque town of Cheongdo, this story revolves around the lives of two high school students, Soo Ah and Soo Hyuk. Soo Ah temporarily moves to Cheongdo to help her mother with persimmon farming. While adjusting to the new environment, she encounters Soo Hyuk, a responsible and hardworking student who is determined to carry on his family's café business. Soo Hyuk also happens to be  Soo Ah's first love.As Soo Ah and Soo Hyuk spend time together in Cheongdo, their friendship gradually blossoms into a deep bond.(Source: SooNum at MyDramaList)",7.4,11,4,"['Choi Da Hye', 'Cho Han Gyeol']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
2144,I Hate Going to Work,https://mydramalist.com/33672-i-hate-going-to-work,"Business,  Comedy,  Life,  Drama","Workplace Setting, Office Setting, Office Worker Male Lead, Mockumentary ",A slice-of-life office drama about people who don't want to go to work that will resonate with everyday office workers.(Source: HanCinema),7.5,86,12,"['Kim Dong Wan', 'Han Soo Yeon', 'So Ju Yeon', 'Do Won', 'Lee Hwang Ui', 'Kim Joong Don']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Seo Joo Wan,Park So Young
2145,Get Up,https://mydramalist.com/7136-get-up,"Life,  Youth","Student Male Lead, School Setting, Delinquent Male Lead, Teenager Male Lead, Teacher Supporting Character ",It is a one episode drama about delinquent students.,7.5,83,1,"['Lee Min Ho', 'Ki Joo Bong', 'Lee Doo Il', 'Lee Ah Jin', 'Nam Kyung Eup', 'Jung Han Hun']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Unknown,Unknown
2146,Truth,https://mydramalist.com/2868-honesty,"Romance,  Drama,  Family","Rich Female Lead, Poor Female Lead ","Lee Ja Young comes from a poor family who lives in the basement of one of her rich schoolmates, Lee Shin Hee. Ja Young is one of the top students in her class as Shin Hee is one of the more mediocre students. On the day for college entrance exams, Shin Hee's family bribes Ja Young family into Ja Young taking the test for her. Ja Young is forced to take it for the sake of her family's future. More complications arise when Ja Young's first relationship ends due to a mistaken identity and Shin Hee's crush, Jung Hyun Woo begins to fall for Ja Young.",7.5,146,16,"['Park Sun Young', 'Son Ji Chang', 'Choi Ji Woo', 'Ryu Shi Won', 'Jang Yong', 'Ahn Jung Hoon']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Unknown,"So Hyun Kyung,  Kim In Young"
2147,Friend and Kiss,https://mydramalist.com/715551-friend-and-kiss,Romance,"Best Friends' Relationship, Short Length Series, Steamy Kiss, Miniseries, Friends To Lovers, Web Series, Friendship ",Yeo Bin had a dream that Young Jae confessed to her while carrying someone on his back but why does it seem so real?(Source: Youtube),7.5,122,2,"['Jang Yeo Bin', 'Park Young Jae']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2148,Yellow Handkerchief,https://mydramalist.com/12757-yellow-handkerchief,Drama,"Break Up, Childbirth, Pregnancy, Business ","After being in a relationship with Yoon Ja Yeong for nearly ten years, Lee Sang Min dumps her for a richer woman. He plans to marry the president of his company, Jo Min Joo. Things go astray, though, when Lee finds out that Ja Yeong is pregnant. He tries to convince her to get an abortion but fails. Nevertheless, he marries Jo Min Joo in a loveless relationship. On the other hand, Yoon raises the child with her mother, grandmother, sister and brother, waiting for him to come back. Jo Sun Joo is Jo's stepsister, a warmhearted girl who seems very cold. She learns the meaning of love through Yoon Ja Yeong's brother, but things don't go well for them either, especially when there is a pestering neighbor always on the watch. Forgiving and waiting, Yoon Ja Yeong rises from her hard times to become a successful businesswoman. In the search for success, love is obstructed by greed until the feelings of forgiveness and yearning is realized.",7.5,24,169,"['Lee Tae Ran', 'Chu Sang Mi', 'Kim Ho Jin', 'Jo  Min Ki', 'Lee Mi Young', 'Lee Chan']",Not Yet Rated,KBS1,Unknown,Park Jung Ran
2149,General Hospital,https://mydramalist.com/1130-general-hospital,"Drama,  Medical","Hospital Setting, Nurse Supporting Character, Doctor Male Lead ","This drama depicts the sorrows, hardships, relationships and ambitions of doctors at a General Hospital, particularly the senior resident 'Venomous Snake' Park Jin Won, playboy Park Hyun Joon and nurse Kim So Yi.",7.5,12,92,"['Hong Ri Na', 'Jeon Kwang Ryul', 'Shin Eun Kyung', 'Kim So Yi', 'Gu Bon Seung', 'Park So Hyun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Lee Joo Hwan,"Ha Myung Hee,  Choi Wan Kyu"
2150,Love in Memory 2,https://mydramalist.com/9274-love-in-memory-2-fathers-note,"Drama,  Family","Short Length Series, Miniseries ","With the keyword 'family', a father prepares to say goodbye to his family.(Source: TMDb)",7.5,5,8,"['Jung Woong In', 'Yoon Joo Hee', 'Kim Hyung Beom', 'Baek Min Hyun', 'Yoon So Hee', 'Kang Joo Eun']",Not Yet Rated,CGV,Park Sun Jae,Unknown
2151,Fox and Cotton Candy,https://mydramalist.com/5746-fox-and-cotton-candy,Romance,Unknown,"Gang Chul and Angel are ""attracted"" to each other. However, their 12-year age difference is perceived as a problem. And, to make things worse, although their mothers are friends, there is an unspoken rivalry between them. (Source: DramaWiki)",7.5,7,52,"['So Yoo Jin', 'Yoo  Joon Sang', 'Geum Bo Ra', 'Lee Young Bum', 'Lee Young Ha', 'Lee Kyung Jin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Unknown,Unknown
2152,You're So Beautiful,https://mydramalist.com/1463-youre-so-beautiful,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama",Unknown,"Go Yoo Rang confident and optimistic about life in general. She falls in love for the very first time with Chi Young. But Chi Young suddenly leaves her to return to Seoul. Desperate to be with Chi Young, Yoo Rang flies to Seoul only to find out that he is already a married man.",7.5,48,135,"['Kim Tae Hoon', 'Park Tam Hee', 'Yoon Se Ah', 'Hyun Woo Sung', 'Jo Hee Bong', 'Kim Jin Seo']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Unknown,Oh Sang Hee
2153,Merry Go Round,https://mydramalist.com/9145-merry-go-round,"Drama,  Family",Sisters' Relationship ,This drama follow the lives of two young sisters as they grow from children to adults. They each face many twists and turns before achieving true happiness.,7.5,21,58,"['Lee Dong Wook', 'Kim Nam Jin', 'Park Soo Ae', 'Jang Seo Hee', 'Ryu Soo Young', 'Kim Ji Woo']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Han Hee,Jo So Hye
2154,The Police,https://mydramalist.com/63859-the-police,"Mystery,  Crime,  Youth,  Drama","Investigation, Web Series, Student Supporting Character, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, Police Department Setting, Young Adult Female Lead, Young Adult Male Lead, Short Length Series, Cyber Crime ","“The Police” is a web drama about the personal growth of a cyber investigation team as it engages in fierce conflict with a cyber criminal. Seo Ah Jin is a smart and bright university student with a strong sense of justice, leading a team of young students fighting against cyber crimes. (Sources: Soompi & Allkpop)",7.5,16,7,"['Kim Na Yun', 'Yoo Jung Hun', 'Ki Eun Soo', 'Kim Dong Gyun', 'Lee Gyu Hyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2155,Legend,https://mydramalist.com/9634-legend,"Romance,  Drama",Unknown,Unknown,7.5,6,16,"['Park Jung Chul', 'Kim Tae Woo', 'Kim Jee Soo', 'Kim Young Ae', 'Song Min Hyung', 'Jung Sung Mo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Unknown,Kim Young Hyun
2156,Pure Love,https://mydramalist.com/6391-pure-love,"Comedy,  Drama,  Family,  Melodrama",Unknown,A sitcom centers around a group of teens who seem more mature than adults and couple of adults who have just turned 40.,7.5,41,125,"['Lee Jae Ryong', 'Lee Hoon', 'Do Ji Won', 'Kim Tae Hoon', 'Jeon Mi Seon', 'Song Ji Eun']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Unknown,"Lee Nam Gyu,  Choi Soo Young,  Choi Soo Young"
2157,Likeable or Not,https://mydramalist.com/1150-likeable-or-not,"Romance,  Family",Unknown,"This drama is a story about love, family, and the realism of people's dreams! Each character will experience their joy, frustration, and pain at times as they live out their daily lives. Na Dan Poong is a company marketing team leader. Jang Hyun Woo is a plastic surgeon and Baek Ho's friend. Sun Jae is good looking, smart, and makes very good decisions. He has a girlfriend, Ji Young, who he met while they were in college. But to farther his ambitions, he breaks up with Ji Young to marry Bong Soo Ah whose father is the owner of Bonjour Foods. (DW)",7.5,155,172,"['Kim Ji Suk', 'Han Ji Hye', 'Jo Dong Hyuk', 'Yoo In Young', 'Lee Young Eun', 'Lee Sang Yoon']",Not Yet Rated,KBS1,Lee Duk Gun,"Kim Sa Kyung,  Baek Young Sook"
2158,Remember,https://mydramalist.com/12667-remember,"Romance,  Drama",Unknown,"Dong Min is an orphan brought up in an orphanage, where he had a very unhappy childhood. He has a very vague memory of his mother and does not know who his father was.Ji Eun, on the other hand, came from a loving and wealthy family. She grew up with Hyun Woo, a close family friend. Hyun Woo has loved Ji Eun since childhood, but the feeling is not mutual for Ji Eun only treats him as a very dear brother.",7.5,21,14,"['Park Jung Chul', 'Son Tae Young', 'Choo So Young', 'Kim Seung Soo', 'Kim Dong Soo', 'Kim Na Rae']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Unknown,Park Chan Hong
2159,Emperor Wang Gun,https://mydramalist.com/1123-emperor-wang-gun,Historical,"Royalty, Goryeo Dynasty, King Male Lead, Taejo, Historical Figure, Historical Fiction ","This drama is about Emperor Wang Gun, the founder of the Goryo Dynasty.",7.5,63,200,"['Choi Soo Jong', 'Kim Yeong Cheol', 'Kim Hye Ri', 'Seo In Seok', 'Gil Yong Woo', 'Kim Seok Wook']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS1,Kang Il Soo,Lee Hwan Kyung
2160,How to Deal With First Love,https://mydramalist.com/67529-how-to-deal-with-first-love,"Romance,  Youth","Student Supporting Character, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Teenager Supporting Character, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, Short Length Series, High School, Web Series ",Unknown,7.5,29,12,"['Park Ji Soo', 'Lee Song Kyung', 'Lee Won Hee', 'Park Ha Eun']",G - All Ages,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
2161,Here Comes Love,https://mydramalist.com/18578-here-comes-love,"Romance,  Drama,  Family,  Melodrama","Workplace Setting, Old Maid, Nice Female Lead, Secondary Couple, Family Secret, Nice Male Lead, Rich Male Lead ","A family drama about a woman who is hurt by love, striving for small happiness and realizing the preciousness of family.",7.5,115,122,"['Kim Ji Young', 'Lee Hoon', 'Lee Min Young', 'Go Se Won', 'Choi Sung Min', 'Jang Dong Jik']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Bae Tae Seop,Kim In Kang
2162,Welcome Rain to My Life,https://mydramalist.com/4073-welcome-rain-to-my-life,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Family","Rude Female Lead, Power Struggle, Birth Secret, Riches To Rags, Character Development ","The series revolves around Han Dan Bi, a rude woman who was raised in a wealthy family. Her life becomes difficult after her father, a once-popular singer, meets with an accident that was planned by his wife. Dan Bi then finds out that she was adopted. Her stepmother takes advantage of her husband's comatose state to kick Dan Bi out of their house, all in a plot to sell his land to the ruthless chairman of a hospital company.This revelation leads Dan Bi to begin searching for her birth mother by using her adoptive father's will as leverage, not knowing that the truth about what happened to her birth father is directly tied to the chairman. She encounters several people along the way: the chairman's grandson who falls for Dan Bi but is uncertain of the outcome if they became a couple; a divorced lawyer whom Dan Bi loves, but whose father is also connected to her birth father, which is the reason why the lawyer's mother disapproves of Dan Bi for her son; the lawyer's ex-wife, and their daughter who likes Dan Bi more than her own mother; a step-sister who sees Dan Bi as a roadblock to climbing the corporate ladder; and an ailing doctor who was not only the love of Dan Bi's adoptive father's life, but knows the real truth about Dan Bi's parentage.(Source :Wikipedia)",7.5,35,106,"['Lee Da Hee', 'Ryu Sang Wook', 'Shin Joo Ah', 'Shim Hyung Tak', 'Geum Bo Ra', 'Park Keun Rok']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Park Yong Soon,Go Bong Hwang
2163,Hometown Over the Hill,https://mydramalist.com/1506-hometown-over-the-hill,"Romance,  Life,  Drama",Family ,"By depicting the dreams of people living in farming villages, this drama also reveals problems that today's residents of rural areas face, such as a growing number of biracial children from international marriages and the cutthroat competition to survive.Scenes showing picturesque rustic landscapes during each season spellbind viewers, as do heartwarming stories about the strong determination of people living in farming villages. While centering on people who have lived in farming villages for generations, this drama also portrays the lives of people who have moved to farmland from big cities and from abroad.",7.5,8,211,"['Lee Jin Woo', 'Yang Geum Suk', 'Lee Seung Min', 'Bae Do Hwan', 'Jo Eun Sook', 'Mun Ka Young']",Not Yet Rated,KBS1,"Yoo Hyun Ki,  Kim Won Yong",Yoo Yoon Kyung
2164,Stock Flower,https://mydramalist.com/7293-stock-flower,"Romance,  Drama",Unknown,"Stock Flower follows the trials and tribulations of Yeong Ju, a struggling single teenage mother. Lee Young Ju befriends school rebel Kang Woo Hyuk who falls in love with her. But Young Ju develops a romantic relationship with his brother, Kang Min Hyuk. Unfortunately, on their wedding day Min Hyuk dies in an accident and leaves his bride behind...",7.5,8,20,"['Ryu Jin', 'Choi Min Yong', 'Park Jin Hee', 'Lee Chang Hoon', 'Park Geun Hyung', 'Kim Bo Mi']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Park Chan Hong,Kim Ji Woo
2165,Daring Women,https://mydramalist.com/662-daring-women,"Romance,  Drama","Death Of A Husband, Age Gap [Drama Life], Age Gap [Real Life], Older Man/Younger Woman, Death, Marriage ","Ji Soon Young loses her husband, Wang Se Joon, in a tragic accident. She is left alone to take care of their adopted daughter. She meets and falls in love with Han Kyu Jin, who just happens to be the father-in-law to her former sister-in law, Wang Se Bin. Their lives changes when Soon Young marries Kyu Jin and becomes Se Bin's mother-in-law. They have to adjust to their new roles in their family and at the same time try to get along with each other.",7.5,164,105,"['Lee Chang Hoon', 'Lee Yoo Ri', 'Lee Joong Moon', 'Seo Ji Young', 'Kim Soo Mi', 'Kang Tae Sung']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Lee Dong Hun,Park Ye Kyung
2166,The Great King's Dream,https://mydramalist.com/4322-the-great-kings-dream,"Historical,  Drama","Three Kingdoms Of Korea, Historical Fiction, Tang Dynasty, Sword-fight, Baekje Dynasty, Silla Dynasty ","Story about Kim Choon Choo, who led the unification of three ancient kingdoms - Goguryeo, Baekjae and Shilla - and achieved the restoration of Shilla Kingdom. This drama has interpreted the historical records of United Shilla founders, King Taejong Mooyeol and King Moon Moo, with dramatic imaginations. It, also, highlights the leadership of Kim Choon Choo who achieved the most glorious cultural heyday in nation’s history. It is the drama that will give you the lessons about the great cause, vision, loyalty, success and failure by looking into the lives of the politicians and the heroes of that era. It will present the virtues needed in this age of limitless competition.(Source: BS World)",7.5,154,70,"['Choi Soo Jong', 'Hong Eun Hee', 'Kim Yoo Suk', 'Lee Young Ah', 'Park Joo Mi', 'Kim Ha Kyun']",Not Yet Rated,KBS1,"Shin Chang Seok,  Kim Sang Hwi","Kim Seon Deok,  Yoo Dong Yoon"
2167,Terms of Endearment,https://mydramalist.com/917-terms-of-endearment,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Swindler Supporting Character, Single Mother Female Lead, Soap Opera, Multiple Mains, Infidelity, Marriage, Pregnancy, Family ","Kang Han Geol has three daughters. Keum Pa, the oldest, marries a lawyer. They have a son and she lives a life happily and comfortably. But her husband has an affair with a younger colleague at work. Eun Pa, the youngest, is a college student passionate about love. She dumps Yun Taek, her first love, and moves in to live with Jeon Seong Ki, a womanizing swindler. She becomes pregnant and eventually gets her parents' permission to marry him after trouble. But he is a no-show at the wedding. Eun Pa works like a fiend for the future of her kid but there is new love on the horizon for her as well.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.5,114,70,"['Chae Shi Ra', 'Ji Sung', 'Han Ga In', 'Song Il Gook', 'Lee Jong Won', 'Park Yong Woo']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Kim Jong Chang,Moon Young Nam
2168,Bolder by the Day,https://mydramalist.com/4583-bolder-by-the-day,"Military,  Comedy,  Sitcom",Family ,The wife of an army commander is promoted to colonel before her husband gets a promotion. Their daughter is commissioned as a second lieutenant. “Bolder By The Day” depicts a family who is all involved in the military. (Source: Koreandrama.org),7.5,8,36,"['Lee Jae Yong', 'Yoon Joo Hee', 'Park Hae Mi', 'Park Han Byul', 'Oh Yi Na', 'Ji Sang Min']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBN,Jo Jin Kyoo,Unknown
2169,Dear Heaven,https://mydramalist.com/3700-dear-heaven,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Reporter Male Lead, Family Relationship, Birth Secret, Calm Male Lead, Nice Male Lead, Stepmother-Stepson Relationship, Family, Multiple Couples, Broadcasting Industry, News Presenter Supporting Character ","Ji Young Sun, when she was very young, gave away her daughter Lee Ja Kyung after giving birth. She later remarries and creates a new family, but soon after, her husband dies leaving her behind with her stepson Gu Wang Mo and daughter Gu Seul Ah.Lee Ja Kyung now grown, after being orphaned once again as a child by the passing of her foster parents, lives a life of loneliness and lack of love. Her birth mother Young Sun comes to find her, but in order to keep her daughter Ja Kyung by her side, tries to match her up with her stepson.",7.5,112,85,"['Yoon Jung Hee', 'Lee Tae Gon', 'Jo Yeon Woo', 'Lee Soo Kyung', 'Han Hye Sook', 'Kang Ji Sub']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Son Moon Kwon,Im Sung Han
2170,"I Love You, Loser!",https://mydramalist.com/52011-i-love-you-loser,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","Childhood Connection, Miniseries, Strong Female Lead, Web Series, Filmed Abroad, Love Triangle, Childhood Friends' Relationship, Workplace Setting, Office Setting, Office Worker Female Lead ",A web drama about a dark history that you were embarrassed about resurfacing with the arrival of a new recruit.,7.5,51,6,"['Jung Shin Hye', 'Kim Hyung Suk', 'Ji Sang Hyuk']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Channel A,Unknown,Unknown
2171,Horror Mailbox,https://mydramalist.com/710065-horror-mailbox,Horror,"Short Length Series, Miniseries, Suspense ","Dread Mailbox is drama created, based on the calls and stories  of viewers, recorded through phone number 1855-0666.  It can be real experiences, stories heard somewhere, or imaginary ghost stories. Number is still active, and network encourages to continue sharing stories, using it. Each of the people whose story was featured in the series was awarded an airpod.(Source: Youtube site of 스튜디오 룰루랄라- studio lululala)",7.5,7,8,Unknown,Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2172,My Daughter the Flower,https://mydramalist.com/4483-my-daughter-the-flower,"Romance,  Family",Soap Opera ,"Yang Kkot-Nim is a therapist at a rehabilitation hospital. She is bright and brave, but highly emotional inside. Since her father passed away, Kkot-Nim gets through the world with her step mom Jang Soon-Ae, who has been always nice to her step-daughter Kkot-Nim.",7.5,145,131,"['Jo Min Soo', 'Park Sang Won', 'Choi Jin Hyuk', 'Jin Se Yeon', 'Baek Jong Min', 'Son Eun Seo']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Park Young Soo,Park Ye Kyung
2173,Ladies of the Palace,https://mydramalist.com/6347-ladies-of-the-palace,"Historical,  Drama",Unknown,"It centers on two women in the 1500s who became the most influential figures in the court:  Queen Mun Jung of the Yoon family, the third Queen-consort of King Joongjong, and Jung Nan Jung, a humble-bred lady who became the queen's advisor. Nan Jung, an illegitimate daughter of a government officer, tries to find someone who can elevate her status. She chooses to become a gisaeng and start her training under the most famous gisaeng in Hanyang. Meanwhile, the King marries, for the third time, a young lady from the Yoon family, his former queen's relatives. Won Hyung, the new queen's brother, falls in love with Nan Jung at first sight and would do everything to make her his concubine. Nan Jung demands him an audience with the queen, and Queen Mun Jung and Nan Jung soon become allies to bring the court  under their absolute control.(Source: OnDemandKorea)",7.6,29,151,"['Kang Soo Yeon', 'Jeon In Hwa', 'Do Ji Won', 'Park Joo Mi', 'Lee Deok Hwa', 'Park  Sang Min']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Unknown,Yoo Dong Yoon
2174,Hong Ik Super,https://mydramalist.com/24173-hong-ik-super,"Mystery,  Comedy,  Romance,  Supernatural","Drugs, Clairvoyance, Supernatural Power, Childhood Acquaintance, Sweet Male Lead, Hidden Identity, Mother-Son Relationship, Precognition, Friends To Lovers, Web Series ","There's nothing that Hongik Super, a very popular supermarket doesn't sell. It even has a potion in stock that helps people get over their ex-lovers. This is all possible thanks to the supernatural power of Ms. Na Jeong Boon, the owner of Hongik Super. She can foresee the future and predict what her customers are going to need. She wants her son Myeong An to succeed her at Hongik Super when she learns he also has a special power. However, Myeong An doesn't want to take over the family business, and thinks his power is useless. When an unexpected customer frustrates Jung Boon, she takes a long leave. This forces Myeong An to look after the store. One day, Yeon Hee, his first love that he grew up with, visits Hongik Super. Myeong An decides to use his power for Yeon Hee.(Source: HanCinema)",7.5,39,16,"['Park So Jin', 'Lee Yi Kyung', 'Park Hae Mi', 'Shorry J', 'DinDin', 'Baek Seung Heon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
2175,Man in the Shower,https://mydramalist.com/32487-man-in-the-shower,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","Miniseries, Web Series, Short Length Series ","In this quirky, surrealist web drama, a man and his imaginary friend process his deepest shower thoughts on life, love, and lathering techniques. (Source: AsianCrush)",7.5,63,8,"['Woo Hyeok', 'Lee Joo Myung', 'Park Sang Hwi']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2176,2PM Campus,https://mydramalist.com/745697-2pm-campus,"Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Female Centered Plot, Lesbian Female Lead, Short Length Series, Lesbian Romance, LGBTQ+, Miniseries, Web Series, Friendship ","""The hottest time of the day, we are in it.""Our story made by women in their 20s, talking about lively topics that women in their 20s can worry about.(Source: 오후 두 시의 캠퍼스  YouTube)",7.5,32,4,['Lee Soo Ha'],Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2177,Go! Mrs. Go!,https://mydramalist.com/3120-go-mrs.-go,"Drama,  Family,  Melodrama",LGBTQ+ ,"Go Bong Sil  was living a  peaceful village life, that is until her husband suddenly passes away, leaving her to face potential bankruptcy by herself. She decides she must start the next chapter in her life by moving to Seoul's Itaewon district.Follow Bong Sil ‘s heartwarming journey to actively pursue her own happiness, and that of others following her good example.  (Source: Allkpop)",7.5,92,36,"['Chun Ho Jin', 'Kim Hae Sook', 'Luna', 'Ha Ri Soo', 'Jung Seung Woo', 'Kim Young Ok']",Not Yet Rated,TV Chosun,Yoon Sang Ho,Park Eun Ryeong
2178,Shining Romance,https://mydramalist.com/8376-shining-romance,"Romance,  Family",Unknown,"A romantic drama about a woman who was duped into getting a pretend divorce by her husband, but makes her way up to achieve a dream and love.(Source: MBC)",7.5,31,122,"['Yoon Hee Seok', 'Lee Mi Sook', 'Park  Yoon Jae', 'Kwak Ji Min', 'Lee Jin', 'Kim Hak Rae']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Shin Hyun Chang,  Jung Ji In",Seo Hyun Joo
2179,Tropical Nights in December,https://mydramalist.com/1226-tropical-nights-in-december,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Sad Romance, Infidelity, Older Woman/Younger Man ","A married woman who falls in love with another man, and the young man who tries to seduce her?? as well as the people who chase after them.December Fever is the story of a dangerous love affair between a married woman and a dying man. It introduces us to people with double standards and other falsehoods, as well as people who sacrifice themselves for family. In addition, it's a story of a father and his dying son as well as a tale about the conflicts between and their mothers-in-law. It holds a mirror to everyday life with comic and interesting characters.(Source: DramaWiki)",7.5,61,17,"['Shin Sung Woo', 'Uhm Jung Hwa', 'Kim Nam Jin', 'Won Woong Jae', 'Kim Seung Min', 'Kim Young Ok']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Lee Tae Gon,Bae Yoo Mi
2180,Enchanting Neighbor,https://mydramalist.com/12779-enchanting-neighbor,"Romance,  Family,  Melodrama","Married Female Lead, Soap Opera, Infidelity, Revenge ","Gong Soo Rae only love her husband, Seo Bong Gook since she met him in her teen-ages. She then learns that her husband is having an affair with Choi Yi Kyung. Meanwhile, Park Chan Woo will plays a man who supports her.",7.5,28,120,"['Yoon Hee Seok', 'Park Tam Hee', 'Yoon Son Ha', 'Seo Do Young', 'Choi Il Hwa', 'Ahn Yun Hong']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Park Kyung Ryul,Park Hye Ryun
2181,Tell Me You've Changed,https://mydramalist.com/75425-tell-me-you-ve-changed,"Romance,  Drama","Different Timelines, Ex-Boyfriend Comes Back, Infidelity, Web Series, Break Up, Ex-girlfriend Comes Back, Short Length Series, Miniseries ","The story is about Da Mi, active as a statistician in 2000, who reminisces about her past when she starts working as a researcher again in 2020, and depicts a romance with Seok Jin, whom she met 20 years ago in the research institute training program. (Source: beyondpost.co.kr)",7.5,50,4,"['Jang Eui Soo', 'Park Shi An', 'Kim Geun Hyung']",G - All Ages,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2182,She is Cool,https://mydramalist.com/12747-she-is-cool,"Romance,  Youth","Gangster Male Lead, Love Triangle, Martial Arts ","Ha Hye Kyung is the daughter of a gangster leader. She has a doctoral degree in English and teaches as a part-time college lecturer. Aside from her intellectual brain power, she is a skilled martial artist with knowledge of Taekwondo, Judo, and Kung Fu.Lee Dong Ki is one of the members of Hye Kyung’s father’s gang. Unfortunately, after being accused of raping Hye Kyung, he is forced to live as a fugitive. He decides that the only way to gain peace with the gang is to capture Hye Kyung’s heart and prove to them he is not guilty of rape.Yoo Ho Min, aka “Michael”, is a practicing monk who works as an assistant librarian at a monastery. He works alongside Hye Kyung and begins developing an attraction to her. Although he initially views Dong Ki as his competitor to win Hye Kyung’s heart, the two of them eventually become friends.",7.5,9,20,"['Ryu Shi Won', 'Ahn Jae Mo', 'Kang Sung Yun', 'Lee Joong Moon', 'Lee Dae Keun', 'Jeong Bo Seok']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Kim Yong Kyu,Unknown
2183,The Great Ambition,https://mydramalist.com/2345-the-great-ambition,"Historical,  Drama","Historical Fiction, Joseon Dynasty ","Si Young is the first son of Park Hee Chan and knows the truth about why his father insisted that he must take over the family business. He is a cold-hearted businessman who often uses dirty business tactics. As he takes over the day-to-day operations of the guild, he grows into a strong leader. But Jae Young, his younger brother, becomes his own man and does not follow his older brothers business style.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.5,117,26,"['Jang Hyuk', 'Son Ye Jin', 'Lee Yo Won', 'Han Jae Suk', 'Park Young Gyu', 'Kim  Mi Kyung']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,SBS,Kim Jong Hak,Song Ji Na
2184,Justice Team,https://mydramalist.com/21833-justice-team,"Mystery,  Law,  Drama","Prosecutor Male Lead, Lawyer Female Lead, Scandal, Miniseries, Child Abuse, Web Series, Human Rights, Sexual Assault, Investigation ",The drama tells stories of courageous prosecutors in Goyang's Investigative Task Force for Crimes Against Women and Children who uncover truth and fight for the weak who were silenced by injustice.,7.5,27,4,"['Han Sang Jin', 'Shin So Yool', 'Sung Ji Ru', 'Lee Hyun Kyung', 'Yang Jung Ah', 'Jo Hyun Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Naver TV Cast,Yoon Joon Ho,Unknown
2185,Korean Peninsula,https://mydramalist.com/3301-korean-peninsula,"Action,  Military,  Romance,  Political","New Enerrgy, Presidential Election, Propaganda, Cold Male Lead, Nice Female Lead, Coup D'Etat, Lovers Separated, Weak Female Lead, Strong Male Lead, Smart Female Lead ","Seo Myung Joon is a South Korean scientist who falls in love with North Korean scientist Im Jin Jae while developing an alternative energy source together. But when Myung Joon unexpectedly becomes the president of a reunified Korea, political tensions rise as a massive struggle for limited natural resources continues to divide the country.",7.5,139,18,"['Hwang Jung Min', 'Kim Jung Eun', 'Kwak Hee Sung', 'Kim Soo Hyun', 'Choi Jae Hwan', 'Kim Ha Kyun']",Not Yet Rated,TV Chosun,"Lee Hyung Min,  Lee Jong Jae",Yoon Sun Joo
2186,Youth Again,https://mydramalist.com/701545-insaengdeom-geunyeo,"Comedy,  Romance,  Supernatural","Mother-Daughter Relationship, Body Swap, Short Length Series, Miniseries, Ugly To Attractive, Female Centered Plot, Blogger Female Lead, Age Gap [Drama Life], Age Gap [Real Life], Menopause ",A comical beauty fantasy drama about the soul of a mother and her daughter exchange after applying mysterious cosmetics.(Source: Naver),7.5,100,8,"['Lee Il Hwa', 'Han Seung Yeon', 'Min Chan Ki', 'Eom Se Ung', 'Bae Woo Hee', 'Ahn Shi Eun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Unknown,Unknown
2187,It Was Love,https://mydramalist.com/5572-it-was-love,"Romance,  Family,  Melodrama","Best Friends' Relationship, Frenemy, Infidelity, Second Chance, Revenge, Friendship ",A woman whose best friend steals her husband and utterly destroys her life. A frenemy who wrecks a woman’s life and does all this for the sake of her daughter. How will justice prevail in their lives?(Source: MBC),7.5,24,144,"['Park Shi Eun', 'Hwang Dong Joo', 'Kim Bo Kyung', 'Ahn Jae Mo', 'Park  Dong Bin', 'Jin Ye Sol']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Kim Heung Dong,  Lee Gye Joon",Won Young Ok
2188,Re-Feel,https://mydramalist.com/70877-refill-if-only,"Comedy,  Romance,  Fantasy","Café Setting, Return To Past, Multiple Mains, Miniseries, Web Series, Time Travel ","A fantasy romantic comedy drama in which the protagonist, who drinks a special coffee that allows them to go back to the past, struggles to capture the hearts of lovers with the power of coffee. (Source: Naver)",7.5,51,6,"['Lee Chan Hyung', 'Jeon Hye Yeon', 'Choi Kyung Hoon', 'Jung Mi Mi', 'Kim Min Joo', 'Kang Yu Chan']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Unknown,Choi Yo Ji
2189,"Not Alright, But It's Alright",https://mydramalist.com/72075-not-alright-but-it-s-alright-pilot,Life,"Workplace Setting, Office Worker Female Lead, Hardship, Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series ",Unknown,7.5,71,2,"['So Ju Yeon', 'Seo Han Gyeol', 'Kim Han Na', 'Jeong Ha Yul', 'Lee Sun Goo']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2190,Half-Fifty,https://mydramalist.com/683449-half-fifty,"Comedy,  Youth","Multiple Mains, Miniseries, Web Series, Character Development ","'Half-Fifty' is a comedy drama about youth and growth, and the series follows a group of 25-year-olds who end up in the world of YouTubers.(Source: Allkpop)",7.5,14,8,"['Shin Do Hyun', 'Ji Min Hyuk', 'Kim Jae Hyun', 'Kim Kang Min', 'Shin Jae Hwi', 'Anne']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2191,Byul Soon Geom,https://mydramalist.com/5842-byul-soon-geom,"Historical,  Mystery,  Drama","Historical Fiction, Forensic Science, Science, Death, Joseon Dynasty, Investigation ","The story revolves around criminal investigation and forensic procedures in the late Joseon era, following the activities of an undercover special task force that was established to counter the increasing number of crimes resulting from political turmoil in the period. Kang Seung Jo and Kim Kang Woo lead the team of elite investigators as they uncover the circumstances behind mysterious deaths and other crimes.",7.5,16,20,"['Ryu Seung Ryong', 'Park  Hyo Joo', 'Ohn Joo Wan', 'Kim Boo Sun', 'Kim Mu Yeol', 'Ha Jae Sook']",Not Yet Rated,MBC Dramanet,"Kim Byung Soo,  Lee Seung Young",Yang Jin Ah
2192,Dandelion Family,https://mydramalist.com/2344-dandelion-family,"Romance,  Drama,  Family","Birth Secret, Multiple Couples, Unhealthy Mains' Relationship, Multi-Generational, Marriage Of Convenience ","A drama that depicts the lives of three sisters and their romances. The eldest sister boasts an outwardly perfect marriage, while the second sister ends up pregnant and moves out with her college boyfriend. The youngest sister, Hye Won, desires to avoid marriage after observing the heartache that her siblings experience.",7.5,177,50,"['Lee Yoon Ji', 'Kim Dong Wook', 'Yoo Dong Geun', 'Yang  Mi Kyung', 'Song Sun Mi', 'Maya']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Im Tae Woo,Kim Jung Soo
2193,Jang Hee Bin,https://mydramalist.com/3831-jang-hee-bin-,"Historical,  Romance,  Drama",Harem ,"Jang Hee Bin tells the story of a young lady-in-waiting whose beauty catches the eye of the King and becomes his concubine. Quickly rising in the ranks and eventually giving birth to a son, her hunger for power drives her not only to maintain her position, but to become Queen.",7.5,22,100,"['Park Sun Young', 'Kim Hye Soo', 'Jeon Kwang Ryul', 'Kwak Jung Wook', 'Kang Boo Ja', 'Lee Young Hoo']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Han Chul Kyung,Unknown
2194,Sweet Palpitations,https://mydramalist.com/1704-sweet-palpitations,"Romance,  Family",Heart Transplant ,"Kim Min Joo is a spirited single mother who falls in love with Jung Do Hyung, the playboy president of a broadcasting company. Do Hyung had an arranged marriage with Jang Jin Hee in the past, but their divorced soon after his car accident in the U.S. He finds true love when he meets Min Joo.",7.5,109,135,"['Heo Young Ran', 'Won Ki Joon', 'Oh Min Suk', 'Jo Ha Rang', 'Gong Jung Hwan', 'Ban Min Jung']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Park Gi Ho,Kim Yoon Young
2195,Desperate Mr. X,https://mydramalist.com/721381-crisis-x,"Comedy,  Drama","Doctor Supporting Character, Depressed Male Lead, Midlife Crisis, Supportive Wife, Adapted From An Essay, Miniseries, Rags To Riches ","A hyperrealistic comedy-drama depicting the crisis of each generation living in the present era. It tells the story of a simpleton, Mr. A, who suddenly has to struggle to survive after being faced with a three-tier combo, being urged to resign, going from rags to riches, and facing the realities of aging.(Source: HanCinema)~~ Adapted from the essay ""I'm An Old Man, It Hurts"".",7.5,109,6,"['Kwon Sang Woo', 'Sung Dong Il', 'Im Se Mi', 'Shin Hyun Soo', 'Lee Yi Kyung', 'Park Jin Joo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Kim Jung Hoon,Kwak Kyung Yoon
2196,Short Paper Season 3,https://mydramalist.com/61099-short-paper-season-3,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth","Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Young Adult Female Lead, Young Adult Male Lead, Short Length Series, University, Miniseries, Web Series ",This season the story focuses on Jin Won.,7.5,23,7,Unknown,Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
2197,Irish Uppercut,https://mydramalist.com/24054-irish-uppercut,"Food,  Comedy,  Drama,  Fantasy","Afterlife, Miniseries, Web Series, Second Chance, Cooking, Airhead Female Lead, Grim Reaper Female Lead, Short Length Series, Arrogant Male Lead, Death ","“Irish Uppercut” show refreshing chemistry between the two leads with a gorgeous Jeju Island backdrop. Bora is playing an adorable grim reaper by the name of Do Hye Na.  Do Hye Na has nothing going for her in this world, but when she passes away she meets a cook named Woo Shi Hyung, played by Kim Ji Suk, in the afterlife and they experience many episodes together in a pub called “Irish Uppercut.”",7.5,115,8,"['Kim Ji Suk', 'Yoon Bora', 'Kim  Mi Kyung', 'Lee Moo Saeng', 'Jang So Yeon', 'Edward Kwon']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Naver TV Cast,Song Ji Won,Jin Han Sae
2198,Sharp Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/7464-sharp-2,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Youth","Student Female Lead, School Setting, Teenager Female Lead, Rivalry, High School, Friendship ","It's about a high school girl and her life. She basically goes to school, spends time with friends, makes new friends, learns various things like trust and rivalry, discovers special interests (a special feeling for singers and artists), while learning to value interests shared with parents and friends.",7.5,24,50,"['Kim Ki Bum', 'Go Ah Ra', 'Jung Ji Ahn', 'Choi Eun Seo', 'Kim Hee Chul', 'Lee Eun Sung']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,KBS2,Park Ki Hyun,Unknown
2199,Suspicious Family,https://mydramalist.com/4354-suspicious-family,"Comedy,  Family","Father-Daughter Relationship, Father-Son Relationship ",This drama depicts the love of a father for his family and the relationship of the siblings in a touching and funny way.,7.5,30,20,"['Im Hyun Shik', 'Kim Sung Soo', 'Han Go Eun', 'Min Young Won', 'Lee Mi Young', 'Park Sang Myun']",Not Yet Rated,MBN,Unknown,Unknown
2200,Famous Princesses,https://mydramalist.com/1064-famous-princesses,"Comedy,  Romance","Multiple Mains, Father-Daughter Relationship, Family ","A drama about the Na family which depicts various problems and situations that today's modern families face, which elicits both tears and laughter from its viewers. The storyline is centered around the four daughters of Na Yangal, a retired military officer, who now works as a security guard of an apartment complex and his wife, Myung Ja.The story of their oldest daughter, Deok Chil, revolves around the divorce she has from her unloving husband, Soo  Han after he is caught having an affair with her best friend. She then re-marries her male business partner, Wang Seon Taek but most deal with the problems that re-married couples often face, most notably Seon Taek's oldest daughter, Sora, who doesn't like Deok Chil.The upbeat and confident second daughter, Seol Chil, who is the pride and joy of the family and plays the role of the son her father never had, is a captain in the Korean army. She is in love with her friend Il Han, while one of her fellow army soldiers, Ha Nam, is in love with her.Seol Chil's fraternal twin, Mi Chil, is an attractive woman but is also the family's troublemaker. She is jealous and resentful towards Seo Chil because she is Mr. Na's favorite daughter. As an act of revenge, Mi Chil steals Il Han from Seo Chil but then soon faces more problems in her relationship with Il Han.Finally, the youngest daughter, Teng Chil, becomes pregnant and marries her boyfriend, Tae Ja, at a young age. However, she then faces numerous conflicts with Tae Ja, who has trouble staying faithful to her and her strict and demanding mother-in-law.",7.4,209,80,"['Park In Hwan', 'Kim Hae Sook', 'Kim Hye Sun', 'Lee Tae Ran', 'Choi Jung Won', 'Shin Ji Soo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Bae Kyung Soo,Moon Young Nam
2201,Miss Mermaid,https://mydramalist.com/1458-miss-mermaid,"Romance,  Drama","Warm Man/Cold Woman, Antiheroine Female Lead, Screenwriter Female Lead, Actor/Actress Supporting Character, Extramarital Affair, Cold Female Lead, Useless Father, Rich Female Lead, Soap Opera, Jealousy ","Eun Ah Ri Young is a successful drama writer with a scarred past. When her father had an affair with another lady and left the family, her brother died, and her mother became blind. Hating her father her whole childhood, she grows up planning revenge on her father's new family. Her father's new wife, Shim Soo Jung, is a popular actress. Ah Ri Young writes a drama about the affair and her blind mother and casts Shim Soo Jung in the role of her blind mother in order so that Soo Jung will feel guilt. Ah Ri Young also plans to steal her stepsister's fiancee. A guy she only chose for revenge becomes a guy she truly loves, and that love confuses her feelings for revenge. Jo Soo Ah, her mother's friend, helps in the revenge because she wants Ah Ri Young to become her son's wife. As one person's plan for revenge starts, many people will become hurt, and the true meaning of forgiveness and understanding is learned.(Source: DramaWiki)",7.5,120,256,"['Jang Seo Hee', 'Kim Sung Min', 'Lee Jae Eun', 'Han Hye Sook', 'Kim Yong Rim', 'Choi Jae Ho']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Lee Joo Hwan,Im Sung Han
2202,The Jingbirok,https://mydramalist.com/11648-jing-bi-rock,"Historical,  Drama,  Political","Prince Supporting Character, Historical Figure, Historical Fiction, Gwanghae, Joseon Dynasty ","The drama will be a telling of historical events with the scholar as the central character. Ryu Seong Ryong was an official who served during King Seon Jo’s reign in the late 16th century. He was a brilliant Confucian scholar who was put in charge of military operations during the Imjin War, and greatly influenced Admiral Lee Soon Shin. The story starts before the Imjin War begins and will follow the characters all the way through the Battle of Noryang, and the death of Lee Soon Shin.",7.5,64,50,"['Kim Sang Joong', 'Kim Tae Woo', 'Jung Tae Woo', 'Lee Kwan Hoon', 'Han Ji Wan', 'An So Jin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS1,"Kim Sang Hwi,  Kim Young Jo",Jung Hyung Soo
2203,Can Love Be Refunded,https://mydramalist.com/32552-can-love-be-refunded,"Comedy,  Romance","Short Length Series, Web Series ",A romantic comedy about a young woman who is full of justice and a young man who has no passion for life.,7.4,39,12,"['Ryu Eui Hyun', 'Shin Hye Jung', 'Nam Kyung', 'Joo Won Tak', 'Bok Hyun Kyu', 'Lee Seung Il']",Not Yet Rated,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Unknown,Unknown
2204,Mom,https://mydramalist.com/15072-mom,"Drama,  Family",Unknown,"For a long time, a mother has sacrificed herself to raise her four children but these children are only interested in her fortune and their possible inheritance. Stung by their betrayal and unacceptable behavior, she is determined to live the rest of her life to the fullest and be selfish for a change. This TV series will revolve around family values with themes of generational conflict and reconciliation. The revenge of a mother on her grownup children begins now!(Source: MBC)",7.4,104,50,"['Cha Hwa Yun', 'Jang Seo Hee', 'Kim Suk Hoon', 'Lee Tae Sung', 'Choi Ye Seul', 'Hong Soo Hyun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Jang Joon Ho,  Oh Kyung Hoon",Kim Jung Soo
2205,The Birth of a Family,https://mydramalist.com/5762-the-birth-of-a-family,"Romance,  Drama,  Family,  Melodrama",Unknown,A drama about an adopted woman who struggles to make a family.,7.5,56,115,"['Lee Kyu Han', 'Lee So Yeon', 'Sung Hoon', 'Lee Chae Young', 'Lee Mal Geum', 'Kim Seung Hwan']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,"Oh Choong Hwan,  Ko Heung Sik","Kim Soon Ok,  Kim Young In"
2206,Thorn Flower,https://mydramalist.com/6047-thorn-flower,Melodrama,"Death Of A Mother, Death Of A Father, Soap Opera, Poor Female Lead, Miscarriage, Death, Rape, Revenge, Murder, Pregnancy ","A college student and aspiring actress, Se Mi, comes from a family that has never been rich but always been happy. On the very day Se Mi wins the Best Actress Award, her boyfriend Jae Joon proposes to her, as they find out that she is pregnant. But the day becomes her worst nightmare after she goes off to work at the Taegang Group's mansion on the request of her father, the manager of the estate. Hyuk Min is a son of President Kang of the Taegang Group. He has everything - looks, powerful connections, and a prestigious education. But contrary to his superficial personality, he is thoroughly true to his desires and is hiding his cruel and twisted nature. On the night that Se Mi visits the mansion, Hyuk Min is consumed by desire and lust and attempts to rape her. Frightened, Se Mi runs for her life and eventually falls off a balcony. As a result, she falls into a deep coma. Moreover, Se Mi’s father saw what happened and falls down the stairs from shock and dies. Her mother is also murdered by an unidentified person while investigating the truth behind her husband’s mysterious death. Six months later, Se Mi miraculously wakes up and finds out that she has lost her parents and her baby. Adding to the devastation, Se Mi also learns that her boyfriend Jae Joon is now married to Ji Min, a sister of Hyuk Min. Ji Min keeps silent out of her jealousy towards Se Mi, even though she knows about the terrible events that happened that night in the mansion. She approaches Jae Joon, who is saddened by his thoughts that Se Mi has died, and wins him over. Meanwhile, Nam Joon is Director of Public Relations for the Taegang Group. He learns that his father, who committed suicide when he was young, met an unjust end because he got involved with corruption in the Taegang Group. Burning with desire for vengeance, he approaches Se Mi to seek revenge against the company. Se Mi escapes dangers thanks to Nam Joon’s help and moves to the US. After hiding in the US for seven years, she returns to Korea as a successful businesswoman under the name of Jennifer Dia. As Jennifer, Se Mi overcomes her weak past self that suffered from the unjust deaths in her family, betrayal of her fiancée, and sexual assault. Finally, she begins her revenge against all who crossed her.(Source:JTBC)",7.4,60,120,"['Jang Shin Young', 'Seo Do Young', 'Kang Kyung Joon', 'Jung Ji Yoon', 'Sa Hee', 'Lee Won Suk']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,"Kim Ga Ram,  Kim Do Hyung",Lee Hong Goo
2207,The Final Match,https://mydramalist.com/1211-the-final-match,"Romance,  Youth,  Sports","Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Young Adult Female Lead, Young Adult Male Lead, Friends To Enemies, University, Basketball, Friendship ","Two friends, Lee Dong Min and Yoon Chul Joon, grow apart and then became bitter rivals as while playing for competing university basketball teams.(Source: DramaWiki)",7.4,58,16,"['Jang Dong Gun', 'Son Ji Chang', 'Shim Eun Ha', 'Lee Sang Ah', 'Shin Eun Kyung', 'Lee Jong Won']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Unknown,Son Young Mok
2208,"Hello, Franceska",https://mydramalist.com/1139-hello-franceska,"Comedy,  Supernatural,  Sitcom","Vampire Fiction, Family ","Romania, 2005. One of the last vampire families on earth decides to disguise themselves and live among humans until ""the glory of their empire"" revives. They are sent to different places all over the world that are considered safe by their leader. However, a group of vampires takes the wrong ship and happens to come to Korea. On board, they run into a timid and unlucky man Du Il. One of the vampires bites him by mistake, and he becomes one of them. They promise Du Il that they will return him to a human on the day when their leader comes to find them. He doesn't have any other choice but to live with them. They are disguised as a family of five and start new lives in Seoul.",7.4,110,12,"['Lee Kyun', 'Jung Ryeo Won', 'Shim Hye Jin', 'Lee Doo Il', 'Park Seul Ki', 'Park Hee Jin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Noh Do Cheol,Jo Jin Kook
2209,Nonstop Season 4,https://mydramalist.com/1177-nonstop-4,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Sitcom",Friendship ,This is another season of the Nonstop sitcom which shows the everyday life of students who live in a dorm.,7.4,58,250,"['Hyun Bin', 'Jang Geun Suk', 'Andy', 'Lee Young Eun', 'Han Ye Seul', 'Bong Tae Kyu']",G - All Ages,MBC,Unknown,"Baek Sun Woo,  Myung Soo Hyun"
2210,Nonstop Season 5,https://mydramalist.com/1178-nonstop-5,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Sitcom","Youth, Friendship ",This is another season of the Nonstop sitcom which shows the everyday life of students who live in a dorm.,7.4,87,257,"['Gu Hye Seon', 'Jo Jung Rin', 'Kang Kyung Joon', 'Lee Jung', 'Hong Soo Ah', 'Park Jin Woo']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Unknown,Unknown
2211,Youth In Barefoot,https://mydramalist.com/4335-youth-in-barefoot,"Romance,  Drama",Unknown,"Even though it is a time when our values are changing, dramas about precious love remain the most popular. A story about love among youth. But even so this story does not include any secrets about birth, love between half brothers and sisters, someone waiting for death because they have leukemia or cancer, and no one with amnesia. Instead it’s filled with how a few youths, who have burning passion inside them, go through the everyday ups and downs of life and mixed fortunes with love and fate. The characters have distinct personalities and are full of fun. This drama will trigger something in young people who think that love is just a spur of the moment, in a world where everything is becoming digital to the extreme, by drawing the warmth that human love points to and by showing them a way of finding the truth about love. -Drama Wiki",7.4,8,63,"['Jung Ae Yun', 'Woo Hee Jin', 'Song Chang Eui', 'Kang Kyung Joon', 'Na Young Hee', 'Kim  Ka Yeon']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,"Gwon Lee Sang,  Choi Do Hoon",Jo So Hye
2212,I Can't Stop,https://mydramalist.com/5854-i-cant-stop,"Romance,  Melodrama","Soap Opera, Family ","Hong Yun Shi was a pure and innocent girl who remained cheerful despite growing up in poverty. Her unfortunate circumstances drives her to marry the rich Byung Joo, but she is soon betrayed by her husband and her mother-in-law. When she discovers that her mother-in-law also had a hand in her mother’s mysterious disappearance, Yun Shi finds herself slowly losing all semblance of her original purehearted self and turning into someone obsessed with revenge. Soo Ri, who loves Yun Shi deeply, is helpless to do anything but watch over her with warmth and love.",7.4,5,129,"['Lee Ji Hoon', 'Park Ha Sun', 'Kim Gyu Ri', 'Won Ki Joon', 'Lee Bo Hee', 'Im Chae Won']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Unknown,Unknown
2213,Ugly Miss Young Ae Season 9,https://mydramalist.com/5877-ugly-miss-young-ae-season-9,Comedy,Unknown,-,7.4,6,20,"['Song Min Hyung', 'Kim Hyun Sook', 'Kim San Ho', 'Jung Da Hye', 'Im Seo Yeon', 'Kim Na Young']",Not Yet Rated,tvN,"Jung Hwan Suk,  Han Sang Jae","Myung Soo Hyun,  Moon Soo Yeon,  Han Sul Hee"
2214,Scent of a Man,https://mydramalist.com/10616-scent-of-a-man-2003,"Action,  Romance","Forbidden Love, Step-siblings Love ","Hyuk Soo is somewhat a cliched Korean character. Good at fighting and smart, but chooses the wrong path (almost as if he's forced to be a jopok); has morals; is loyal; and most importantly, loves one woman only. Eun Hae's mom and Hyuk Soo's dad, both widowed for a long time, fall in love and decide to get married before Eun Hae's mom dies. While this is going on, Hyuk Soo and Eun Hae meet. Automatically they know they are in love, but since they become family, Hyuk Soo looks at her in a way an older brother. ~~ Based on a mega popular bestseller of Korea.",7.4,5,18,"['Han Da Gam', 'Ahn Jae Mo', 'Kim Jung Hyun', 'Jung Chan', 'Kim Tae Yeon', 'Lee Joo Hyun']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Lee Dae Young,Unknown
2215,Man of Autumn,https://mydramalist.com/10917-man-of-autumn,"Romance,  Drama,  Family",Unknown,Unknown,7.4,4,20,"['Park Sang Won', 'Lee Seung Yeon', 'Lee Sook', 'Yoo Hye Jung', 'Jo Kyung Hwan', 'Lee Mi Kyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Lee Chang Soon,Jo Myung Joo
2216,Big Hit Family,https://mydramalist.com/12713-big-hit-family,"Comedy,  Sitcom",Family ,"Windfall Family is a charming family sitcom depicting the heartwarming love of a family through a variety of episodes surrounding a middle-class household pursuing their hopes and dreams. The main characters include a mother who runs a daycare center, her retired husband, an elder daughter whose sole dream is to marry a great guy, the mothers younger sister staying with the family after having separated from her husband, and a grandmother who has to run the household for her daughter. These familiar characters will show us what middle-class life is all about.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.4,4,227,"['Choi Sung Guk', 'Kim Hong Pyo', 'Song Hee Ah', 'Im Dong Jin', 'Ha Yoo Mi', 'Sun Woo Yong Nyeo']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Unknown,Choi Soo Young
2217,The Fairy and The Swindler,https://mydramalist.com/12739-the-fairy-and-the-swindler,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama",Unknown,"Baby Jae Kyung was abandoned by his mother due to financial difficulties. His father, a drunkard, was killed by a moving train while tipsy one day. Jae Kyung was brought up by a confidence trickster and naturally grew up to be one. Because of his extraordinary memory, he becomes a very good con man. Cheating becomes his profession and together with his adopted father and 3 other people, this small group of con men cheat a lot of people of their money. Then Jae Kyung meets the girl of his dream and decides to end his undesirable profession.",7.4,7,16,"['Ahn Jae Wook', 'Kim Gyu Ri', 'So Yi Hyun', 'Sung Ji Ru', 'Jung Yoo Seok', 'Choi Yoon Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Jang Yong Woo,Unknown
2218,The Success Story of Novice Shaman Gong,https://mydramalist.com/20420-the-success-story-of-novice-shaman-gong,Comedy,"Short Length Series, Shamanism, Miniseries, Web Series ","Tae Jin has failed to get a job for 4 years in a row so he becomes a fake shaman, then starts helping his guest Baek Joong set up a new business and succeeds.",7.4,5,5,"['Lim Hyun Tae', 'Jung Jin', 'Ki Do Hoon', 'Koh Na Young']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
2219,Fall In Love With Your Coffee,https://mydramalist.com/46633-fall-in-love-with-your-coffee,Life,"Workplace Setting, Miniseries, Web Series ",Unknown,7.4,4,4,Unknown,Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
2220,Jump! Jump! Jump!,https://mydramalist.com/59109-jump-jump-jump,"Music,  Comedy,  Romance","Short Length Series, Unlucky Male Lead, Idol Trainee, Entertainment Industry, K-Pop, Web Series, Friendship ","""Jump! Jump! Jump!"" follows the story of an inspiring idol, Joong Won, an idol trainee, Yuri, and their best friends 'Jae Min' and 'Hye Yun', who are also working toward their dreams.",7.4,14,15,"['Jin Ye Ju', 'Kim Chul Min', 'Dae Seul']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
2221,Confession Company,https://mydramalist.com/61249-confession-company,Romance,"Miniseries, Web Series ",Unknown,7.4,4,4,"['Jung Shin Hye', 'Kim Dae Han']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2222,Love Vlog,https://mydramalist.com/70783-love-vlog,Romance,"Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series ",Unknown,7.4,6,6,"['Kim Seo An', 'Kang Yul', 'Choi Kyung Hoon', 'Jo Hye Won']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2223,Ohlala School 1,https://mydramalist.com/70953-ohlala-school-1,"Romance,  Youth","School Setting, Short Length Series, Web Series, Friendship ",Unknown,7.4,4,12,"['Hwang Kwang Hee', 'Kim Ye Won', 'Lee Do Yoon', 'Jung Ji So', 'Choi Won Hong', 'Yoon Jung Eun']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Tooniverse,Unknown,Unknown
2224,Special Record on Earth,https://mydramalist.com/718457-special-record-on-earth,Drama,"Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series ",Unknown,7.4,3,10,['Kang Seung Yeon'],Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2225,A Double Table,https://mydramalist.com/739155-a-double-table,"Comedy,  Romance","Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series ",Unknown,7.4,3,10,"['Lee Jea Jea', 'Choi Chang Bin']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2226,The Miracle of Love,https://mydramalist.com/5892-the-miracle-of-love,Romance,Miniseries ,"A drama from the SBS Hope TV donation program that tells the story of a bar hostess who encounters a deaf vegetable deliveryman. Bong Dal used to be an UDT personnel in the Navy, but lost his hearing in an accident during underwater blasting operations. He meets Soon Ok when he helps her escape from loan sharks, and this fateful meeting marks the beginning of a new life for two people who were unable to move on.",7.4,18,2,"['Jung Yoo Seok', 'Ahn Mi Na', 'Lee Soon Jae', 'Go Soo Hee', 'Park Hee Jin', 'Jung Yoon Suk']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Unknown,Unknown
2227,Yeon Gae Somun,https://mydramalist.com/3825-yeon-gae-somun,Historical,Unknown,"Yeon Gae So Mun is the general who killed the penultimate King of Goguryeo, Yeong Nyu, in 642. It was a period of tremendous instability, both because of the pressure by Shilla, but also because the political situation in Goguryeo was very confusing. After General Yeon put Yeong Nyu's nephew Bo Jang as his puppet on the throne following his coup d'etat, he tried with little success to calm down Yeon's two sons in trying to gain power and started repressing Buddhism (the Kingdom's official religion) in favour of Taoism.",7.4,14,100,"['Yoo Dong Geun', 'Jung Heung Chae', 'Park Shi Yeon', 'Lee Jong Soo', 'Jang Eun Bi', 'Lee  So Won']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Unknown,Lee Hwan Kyung
2228,Since We Met,https://mydramalist.com/4499-since-we-met,"Comedy,  Romance",Family ,"Lee Ok Hwa, a good-spirited ""yun-byun"" (Korean person living in China) girl  is from China. Ryu Shi Won is an entertainments reporter that happens to find himself in trouble when he's in China. He is played around with by kkang ppaes, but Lee Ok Hwa saves him when she finds out one of the kkang ppaes is her own brother. When Ok Hwa comes to Korea to work under Ryu Shi Won's uncle, Ryu Shi Won tries to pretend like he never knew Ok Hwa, which doesn't work out. They always get in fusses and fights, but those are what bring them closer together. On the other hand, Ok Hwa lives with her boss's sister and her two children. The twins, Su Jin and Mi Jin are bright kids that grew up very well despite the difficult financial problems. Mi Jin is still in college, and secretly loves Lee Suh Jin. She coincidentally works for Lee Suh Jin's outrageous grandmother, and while working there becomes closer to Lee Suh Jin. The only problem is that Mi Jin's cousin (a), Hae Won  likes Lee Suh Jin too. The struggles and love that bonds a family together is beautifully portrayed in this drama.(Source: Soompi)",7.4,11,48,"['Park Ye Jin', 'Park Jin Hee', 'Lee Seo Jin', 'Ryu Shi Won', 'Choi Jin Shil', 'Kim Do Yeon']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Park Jong,Unknown
2229,"Drink, Sing and Dance Season 2",https://mydramalist.com/33703-drink-sing-and-dance-season-2,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth","Short Length Series, Naive Male Lead, Eccentric Female Lead, Steamy Kiss, Web Series, Friendship ","This romantic comedy is about Yoo Kam Woo, who can only drink about two sips of beer, and Do Eum Joo, an extreme alcohol enthusiast.(Source: Soompi)",7.4,18,13,"['Cho Byeong Kyu', 'Kim Yoon']",Not Yet Rated,vLive,Unknown,Unknown
2230,"Nineteen, Logout",https://mydramalist.com/691353-nineteen-logout,"Adventure,  Youth","Student Female Lead, School Setting, Teenager Female Lead, Short Length Series, Traveling, Miniseries, High School, Web Series, Friendship ","A travelling web drama in which a 19 year old high school girl who wants to break down her boundary, only for her to get hurt, she then meets people who heal her on the way.(Source: Xavier Ng at MyDramaList)",7.4,34,7,"['Ham Ji Soo', 'Kim Yoon Ah']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2231,Even So Love,https://mydramalist.com/3008-even-so-love,Romance,Unknown,"Lee Hyo Eun is a shoe designer with a very complicated family. Her sister was adopted by her biological father's wife because she was unable to have children of her own. Hyo Eun was left to live through hardships with her mother. Her sister, Seo Myung Ji, lived in the life of luxury and begins to start a relationship with Yoon Seok Bin. Seok Bin is the son of Mr. Yoon, who works for Myung Ji's father. While Hyo Eun develops a love relationship with Seok Bin's half brother, Seok Woo. But Hyo Eun is already dating a dentist, Tae Joo.",7.4,8,138,"['Lee Chang Hoon', 'Shim Hyung Tak', 'Kim Ji Ho', 'Go Eun Mi', 'Jung Ae Ri', 'Kim Yong Gun']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Unknown,Kim Soon Ok
2232,The Peak,https://mydramalist.com/4339-the-peak,"Historical,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","Artistic Male Lead, Poet, Historical Figure, Historical Fiction, Korean Independence, Miniseries, Poetry, Japanese Colonial Rule, Based On True Story ","For 35 years of the Japanese colonial period, Joseon had been in pitch-darkness. Even amid the darkness, Yi Yuk Sa wrote poems to send messages of hope to those who have given up Joseon and those who waited for the new Joseon. Now, Korea is no longer under Japanese colonial rule, and Yi Yuk Sa is dead, but his poems still remain alive, ceaselessly sending his messages. In those darkest times, what kind of agony did he have to suffer and what kind of love did he have?(Source: KOCOWA)",7.4,25,2,"['Kim Dong Wan', 'Seo Hyun Jin', 'Baek Jong Min', 'Uhm Hyo Sub', 'Lee Seung Hyo', 'Yoon  Ji Hye']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Lee Sang Yeob,Hwang Jin Young
2233,I'm Done,https://mydramalist.com/718755-i-m-done,"Comedy,  Youth","Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Young Adult Female Lead, Young Adult Male Lead, Short Length Series, COVID-19, University, Miniseries, Web Series ","It is a web drama that empathizes with the reality of college life in the era of Corona 19, depicting the story of college life transformed into a 'Zoom' image that any college student in their early 20s can relate to.(Source: Naver)",7.4,6,6,"['Min Chae Eun', 'Jeong Soo Hyun', 'Park Ye Jin', 'Yoon Do Gun', 'Son Bo Seung']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Kim Sa Ra
2234,Chosun Police,https://mydramalist.com/5443-chosun-police,"Historical,  Mystery","Joseon Dynasty, Investigation, Swordsman Male Lead, Forensic Medical Examiner Male Lead, Prosecutor Male Lead, Detective Male Lead, Historical Fiction, Forensic Science, Multiple Mains, Miniseries ","The story revolves around Kim Sa Yool, an elite detective with a sharp mind, set post-Gabo Reform in the late Joseon era. Kim Sa Yool and the rest of his team of special investigators use scientific methods and forensic techniques that are advanced for that period to solve crimes.",7.4,10,8,"['Jung Yoo Seok', 'Lee Gi Young', 'Jo An', 'Choi Kyu Hwan', 'Lee Jae Po', 'Park Ki Woong']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Kim Heung Dong,Unknown
2235,Mina,https://mydramalist.com/9721-mina,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Identical Twin Female Lead, Imposter, Plastic Surgery ","Mina is about two twins who grew up in different worlds, utterly unaware of each other. One is Park Mina, a famous singer, who has arguments with her manager Joon Suh about her secret relationship with the rich Tae Hoon. The other one is Kim Soo Ryun, a poor girl who struggles to make a living. The story takes its fateful turn when Mina is seriously injured in a car accident, and her manager wants Soo Ryun to take Mina's place. Things get complicated when Soo Ryun slowly falls for Tae Hoon and when a different looking Mina returns to Korea after having plastic surgery.(Source: oneom)",7.4,9,16,"['Kim Sa Rang', 'Chae Jung An', 'Kim Seung Soo', 'Shin Ae', 'Han Hye Sook', 'Cha Joo Ok']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Unknown,Seo Hyun Joo
2236,Employment War,https://mydramalist.com/48757-job-war,"Comedy,  Life","Short Length Series, Miniseries ","A web drama series that follows the lives of five young men and women who are looking for a job in Noryangjin-dong in Seoul, Korea, in 2014. (Source: OnDemandKorea)",7.4,4,9,"['Lee Je Yeon', 'Lee Yu Jin', 'Jang Hae Song']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Kang Min Gu,Unknown
2237,A Faraway Nation,https://mydramalist.com/203-a-faraway-nation,"Romance,  Drama","Age Gap [Real Life], Orphan Male Lead, Multiple Mains ","Hyung Woo and So Young are a pair of orphaned siblings who live in Jae Goo's house. In this difficult family situation, Hyung Woo stopped studying properly and spent his time dreaming of a way to escape everyday life. Han Soo is his opposite; he works hard at school and is determined to live well in the future.- Dramawiki",7.4,7,48,"['Kim Hee Sun', 'Kim Min Jong', 'Oh Hyun Kyung', 'Sa Kang', 'Lee Chang Hoon', 'Park Jun Gyu']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Unknown,Son Young Mok
2238,Im Kkeok Jung,https://mydramalist.com/9273-im-kkeok-jung,Historical,Unknown,"This historical drama talk about the life of Im Kkeok Jung who was from the low class and he was the leader of a group of gang, people from the same class that wish to live a decent life.",7.4,6,44,"['Jung Kyu Soo', 'Cha Kwang Soo', 'Jung Heung Chae', 'Kim Hong Pyo', 'Kim Heung Ki', 'Kwon Eun Ah']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Unknown,Yoo Dong Yoon
2239,Twenty Years,https://mydramalist.com/3823-twenty-years,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth,  Drama","School Setting, High School To College, University, High School, Student, Cold Man/Warm Woman ",Unknown,7.4,17,40,"['Gong Yoo', 'Lee Yoo Ri', 'Shoo', 'Im Sung Eon', 'Lee Mi Young', 'Moon  Ji Yoon']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Unknown,Unknown
2240,Kid Gang,https://mydramalist.com/906-kid-gang,Comedy,Adapted From A Manhwa ,"Adapted from the Manhwa of the same name, ""Kid Gang"" is about the once most powerful crime organization in Korea. The 'Bloody Tuesday Gang' was entrusted with taking care of a baby by their former leader six months before their parole ended. Ku Bong Son Chang Min was the leader with two other members Hong Lu Lee Jong Soo and Kal Nal Lee Ki Woo. This comedy focused on the task faced by the members who have to take care of the baby..",7.4,94,16,"['Lee Ki Woo', 'Son Chang Min', 'Baek Sung Hyun', 'Lee Jong Soo', 'Im Ho', 'Kim Bin Woo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,OCN,Unknown,Park Kye Ok
2241,SURF 101,https://mydramalist.com/34307-surf-101-intro-to-romance,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth,  Sports","Water Sport, Summer Setting, Beach Setting, Seaside Setting, Surfing, Miniseries, Web Series, Friendship ",A group of friends go on a short summer vacation to the beach and they realize that their friendships are more than just that.,7.4,55,6,"['Choi Woo Jung', 'Min Chan Ki', 'Choi Min Soo', 'Kim Hyun Mok']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,On Style,Unknown,Unknown
2242,I Live in Cheongdam-dong,https://mydramalist.com/3162-i-live-in-cheongdam-dong,"Comedy,  Sitcom","Family Conflict, Family Relationship ","This is a story about an ordinary family struggling to become residents of Chungdam Dong, a rich neighbourhood in Korea equivalent to Beverly Hills in LA. Kim Hye Ja is a housewife living in the countryside who has never lived in Seoul before. One day, she finds out that a friend from her hometown who owned a comic shop in Chungdam Dong died by accident. She decides to move into the deceased friend’s apartment on the store's second floor with her entire family, finally fulfilling her dream of becoming a coveted resident of Chungdam Dong. However, their new home is an old, broken-down apartment which is nothing like the luxurious living place common in their former neighbourhood. In fact, nothing has changed except for her address. Now, she has to live amongst the Chungdam Dong residents. The story depicts an interesting struggle between becoming rich and being genuine, among various people including Ji Eun, her daughter who dreams of living a luxurious life, Sang Yeop, a young man in the neighbourhood, Gwan Woo, the boss of a defunct entertainment agency, Bo Hee, a famous actress from the past, and other various Korean Wave stars. (Source: JTBC)",7.4,52,170,"['Hyun Woo', 'Kim Hye Ja', 'Oh Ji Eun', 'Kim Seung Pil', 'Jung Joon Won', 'Woo Hyun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,Kim Seok Yoon,"Kim Soo Jin,  Park Hae Young"
2243,Time to Be Together 1,https://mydramalist.com/688929-1-11pm-when-i-go-to-you,"Music,  Romance,  Youth","Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, Short Length Series, Heartwarming, Eccentric Female Lead, Multiple Mains, Miniseries ","Tells the story of a woman and a man who can't forget their first love. The two leads' time stop every time it's 1:11, and they think about the memories of their first love.(Source: Allkpop)",7.4,48,10,"['Yoon Chae Kyung', 'Jang Dong Joo', 'Lee Hyun Ho', 'Dylan', 'Kim Na Yun', 'Choi Hye Jin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC Dramanet,Unknown,Unknown
2244,TV Novel,https://mydramalist.com/11336-tv-novel-abiding-love-dandelion,"Romance,  Family",Unknown,A heart-warming family drama about two sisters' love and friendship based in a flour mill company during the 60s ~ 70s.,7.4,25,134,"['Kim Ga Eun', 'Hong In Young', 'Yoon Sun Woo', 'Jeon Seung Bin', 'Ahn Seo Hyun', 'Lee Young Eun']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Shin Chang Seok,"Lee Hae Jung,  Yeom Il Ho"
2245,Kwangki,https://mydramalist.com/3714-kwangki,"Romance,  Life,  Youth,  Drama","Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Young Adult Female Lead, Young Adult Male Lead, University, Multiple Mains, Friendship ","Being mad for something - it is a privilege of youth.This is a drama about the anguish and passion of talented, yet individualistic students studying advertisement at a junior college. Dreaming of becoming an ad producer, Dong Wook forms a student group called ""Ad-madness"" to share his dream with other talented college mates.",7.4,20,36,"['Bae Doo Na', 'Won Bin', 'Lee Dong Gun', 'Choi Kang Hee', 'Yang Dong Geun', 'Kang Tae Sung']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Yoon Seok Ho,Oh Soo Yun
2246,Chun Ja's Happy Events,https://mydramalist.com/5399-chun-jas-happy-events,"Romance,  Melodrama","Soap Opera, Family ","Yeon Boon Hong becomes an unwed mother after being betrayed by the man she loves but she is still determined to live her life. Boon Hong became pregnant with Gi Suk's child but he didn't want the child. He told her to get an abortion but she was unable to do so. Her friends Lee Joo Young and Lee Sun Hee died in a boating accident. Boon Hong was also in the boat with them but she survived. Sun Hee was Joo Young's girlfriend but due to some misinterpretations, the Lee family thought that Boon Hong was Joo Young's girlfriend and was pregnant with Joo Young's child. Boon Hong moved into the Lee's house to escape her difficulties. She let the family believe that it was Joo Young's child. Lee Joo Hyuk is Joo Young's older brother and falls for Boon Hong. What happens when the Lee family finds out that Boon Hong lied about the baby being Joo Young's? How will Joo Hyuk feel towards her?",7.4,22,111,"['Seo Ji Hye', 'Wang Bit Na', 'Joo Sang Wook', 'Kim Hae Gon', 'Kang Nam Gil', 'Go Doo Shim']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Goo Hyun Sook
2247,Rude Women,https://mydramalist.com/1183-rude-women,Romance,Older Woman/Younger Man ,"A story inspired by ""Desperate Housewives"", this is a korean version of it. Rude Woman (aka Outrageous Women) tells a story about Mi Joo, a divorcee who seek revenge on her ex-husband, Jung Suk, a surgeon who had remarried with his beautiful wife, Eun Young and their daughter Ha Na. Mi Joo then meets Rookie, a former baseball player who happened to be the owner of the house she rents in Korea upon her arrival after 10 years living in U.S with her son, Joon.(DW)",7.4,124,18,"['Yoo Ho Jung', 'Lee Ki Woo', 'Jung Woong In', 'Im Ji Eun', 'Kim Bum', 'Oh Joo Eun']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Lee Seung Ryul,Moon Hee Jung
2248,Nara's Marvelous Days,https://mydramalist.com/52635-another-peaceful-day-of-second-hand-items,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","Short Length Series, Miniseries, Infidelity, Web Series ",A woman begins to think of herself as damaged  goods on the love market after her long-time boyfriend dumps her. A new love story begins when she meets the man who helps her realize the value of second-hand goods. (Source: Soompi),7.4,126,6,"['Shin Yeon Suh', 'Kang Tae Joo', 'Lee Ka Eun', 'Jang Won Hyuk', 'Jo Han Joon', 'Jung Sang Hoon']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Naver TV Cast,Kim Jae Hong,Choi Soo Young
2249,TV Novel,https://mydramalist.com/15046-tv-novel-the-stars-are-shining,"Historical,  Romance,  Drama,  Family,  Melodrama",Unknown,Jo Bong Hee's family falls into difficulties after the death of her father. She overcomes obstacles to become the best fashion designer in South Korea.,7.4,78,128,"['Go Won Hee', 'Lee Ha Yul', 'Seo Yoon Ah', 'Cha Do Jin', 'Kim Ye Ryung', 'Kim Shi Woo']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Kwon Gye Hong,Unknown
2250,Genesis,https://mydramalist.com/703407-clone-man,"Thriller,  Mystery","Investigation, Suspense, Death Of A Mother, Death Of A Father, Orphan Male Lead, Clone, Miniseries, Conspiracy, Death, Web Series ",A man who digs into his mother's mysterious death meeting humans with the same faces as him one by one and becoming embroiled in a bigger conspiracy.(Source: Naver),7.3,117,6,"['Park Hae Jin', 'Nana', 'Lee Shi Ah', 'Kwak Shi Yang', 'Lee Ki Woo', 'Sul Ji Yoon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Genie TV,Jang Tae Yoo,Unknown
2251,Just You,https://mydramalist.com/3169-just-you,"Romance,  Family","Hardworking Male Lead, Rich Female Lead, Soap Opera ","A drama that draws the love of Ki Woon Chan, a high school-graduate struggling to find a job and Na Moo Goong Hwa, the only daughter of an amazingly rich family and the conflicts and reconciliation of their families. [KoreanDramaOrg]",7.4,108,128,"['Seo Joon Young', 'Han Hye Rin', 'Park Jung Ah', 'Seo Do Young', 'Kim Da Rae', 'Kim Yoon Kyung']",Not Yet Rated,KBS1,"Lee Na Jung,  Jin Hyung Wook",Choi Min Ki
2252,Arim Inn the Forest,https://mydramalist.com/61705-arim-inn-the-forest,"Romance,  Life","Inn Setting, Village Setting, Countryside Setting, Miniseries, Web Series, Friendship ","Yeon Li lives in a tiny studio in Seoul, struggling to get a job. But she keeps getting failure messages and even fails to pay the rent for a couple of months. Her friend Woo Min joins a company but tries to hide it from Yeon Li, which he fails. Yeon Li gets fed up with her hopeless life in Seoul and decides to head for Geochang.(Source: Kocowa)",7.4,25,9,"['Ha Jung Min', 'Kim Chi Won', 'Yu Sung', 'Jang Min Seol']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2253,To Be With You,https://mydramalist.com/1088-to-be-with-you,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Soap Opera, Family ",This drama involves three families.The Han family: Mr. Han lives with his second wife and four daughters. Two of his daughters are from his first wife and the younger two daughters are from his second wife.The Choi family has Mr. and Mrs. Choi plus two sons.The Lee family has Mr. Lee plus two sons.(Source: Koreanwiz.org),7.4,16,146,"['Jung Hye Young', 'Kwon Hae Hyo', 'Lee Jae Ryong', 'Ha Hee Ra', 'Kyeon Mi Ri', 'Lee Hyo Choon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS1,"Lee Sung Joo,  Kim Sung Geun",Jung Sung Hee
2254,My Lovely Family,https://mydramalist.com/1507-my-lovely-family,Drama,Unknown,"With the second-highest divorce rate in the world, it is time for Korean society to take a moment to unearth the reasons why the material abundance and well-being have resulted in more ruined families and wandering souls that cannot find their spiritual refuge. My Lovely Family tells from various perspectives about what we have lost but must find again, and what we should never let go of. This drama tackles such issues as the love of a middle-aged married couple, relations between parents and children, and problems of the elderly and women. It also takes an in-depth look at the problem of education and employment in a society that ignores human values and prioritizes educational background above everything else.(Source: KBS)",7.4,14,179,"['Namkoong Min', 'Kim Bin Woo', 'Shim Ji Ho', 'Hong Soo Hyun', 'Yang Joo Ho', 'Yoo Hye Ri']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS1,Kwon Gye Hong,Seo Young Myung
2255,Virtual Excitement,https://mydramalist.com/28711-virtual-excitement,Romance,"Workplace Setting, Office Setting, Short Length Series, Workplace Romance, Miniseries, Web Series ","On his first day working in a company, Kim Min Kyu is suddenly asked by a person if he knows himself.(Source: MyDramaList)",7.4,80,6,"['Kim Min Gue', 'Yeo Woon']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2256,Feelings,https://mydramalist.com/2092-feelings,"Romance,  Drama","Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Young Adult Female Lead, Young Adult Male Lead, Brothers' Relationship, Rowing, College To Working Life, Nice Female Lead, Orphan Female Lead ","Three brothers Bin, Hyun and Joon become drawn to the very pretty and sweet Yuri, a family friend. Yuri arrives from France to live with them for the summer while attending classes at their university, causing each brother to be attracted to her in a different way.",7.4,66,16,"['Lee Jung Jae', 'Son Ji Chang', 'Kim Min Jong', 'Woo Hee Jin', 'Lee Ji Eun', 'Han Jae Suk']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Yoon Seok Ho,Unknown
2257,A Ticket to India,https://mydramalist.com/65249-a-trip-to-india,"Adventure,  Comedy,  Romance","Guest House Setting, Island Setting, Seaside Setting, Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series, Friendship ","""A Ticket To India"" is a web drama based on a romantic comedy theme proving to be a delightful watch. The storyline of this light-hearted Korean web-drama will take you through a guest house which is themed in India and has rooms named like Ganges, Jaisalmer, and Delhi. The guest house gives a perfect vibe, almost making you feel like you are walking through the streets of India.(Source: mappingmyroutee)",7.4,129,6,"['Lim Young Ju', 'Jang Young Joon', 'Ham Ji Soo', 'Son Ho Tae', 'Son Ho Tae', 'Lee Ro A']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2258,The Clinic for Married Couples,https://mydramalist.com/8134-the-clinic-for-married-couples-love-and-war-2,"Psychological,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama",Family ,This program aims to reenact real stories of married couples into a TV drama. It deals with the various problems that lead couples to seek divorce. A panel of judges mediates the cases and doles out a judgement that should help couples rediscover the meaning of marriage. Each episode is unique and stars a mixture of new and recurring cast members who's both idols and actors.The idol casts reenacts scenarios that newlyweds in their 20s and 30s might experience.,7.4,64,124,"['Kim Dong Jun', 'G.O', 'Jo Woo Ri', 'Jang Soo Won', 'Yura', 'Narsha']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Park Ki Hyun,Kim Hyo Eun
2259,Count of Myeongdong,https://mydramalist.com/1113-count-of-myeongdong,"Historical,  Drama,  Documentary",Unknown,"+ Network: EBSA docu-drama narrated by Jung Bo Suk that tells of the people and history of Myeongdong between 1953-1960, when it was at its height as the cultural centre of the country. It captures both the beauty and incredible tragedy that surrounded that period, with its many artistic innovations as well as the blood, sweat and tears of the people in the years following the Korean War.(DW)",7.4,10,24,"['Park Chul Ho', 'Lee Jin Woo', 'Choi Sang Hoon', 'Kim Sung Ryung', 'Kim Ja Ok', 'Park Young Ji']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,EBS,Unknown,Jung Ha Yeon
2260,High As Sky Wide As Earth,https://mydramalist.com/2811-high-as-sky-wide-as-earth,"Romance,  Family",Unknown,Suk Ji Soo is a kindhearted and thoughtful woman caring about the harmony of her family. Jeong Mu Young struggles through many troubles and forgivness within his family. He doesn't really like his father because he was born due to his father's affair with another woman. Ji Soo and Mu Young's family in this drama are complete opposites...her family is happy while his family is not. Eun Ha is a girl with a cheerful personality and perfect skin with no wrinkles. She thinks importantly of people's relationships and puts much effort into everything she does to make her family happy. The drama will be focusing on different family problems faced in modern day society.,7.4,146,165,"['Han Hyo Joo', 'Park Hae Jin', 'Kang Jung Hwa', 'Lee Joo Hyun', 'Ban Hyo Jung', 'Jung Jae Soon']",Not Yet Rated,KBS1,"Moon Bo Hyun,  No Sang Hoon",Choi Hyun Kyung
2261,I Need Standards 2,https://mydramalist.com/716865-i-need-standards-2,"Comedy,  Romance","Miniseries, Web Series ",Unknown,7.4,9,4,['Bang Eun Jung'],13+ - Teens 13 or older,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2262,Wife Returns,https://mydramalist.com/4632-wife-returns,"Romance,  Life,  Drama",Unknown,"Jung Yoo Hee married the love of her life, Yoon Sang Woo. However, his mother despised Yoo Hee and forced her to leave Sang Woo and their young daughter. Years later, Yoo Hee returns and meets her daughter. However, Sang Woo's new wife, Seo Hyun, is not willing to be pushed aside. Yoo Hee disappears without a trace. Her younger sister, Yoo Kyung, who was adopted abroad is determined to find out what happened to her sister. She keeps up false pretenses and pretends to be Yoo Hee. (DramaWiki)",7.4,21,116,"['Yoon Se Ah', 'Jo  Min Ki', 'Kang Sung Yun', 'Jeon Jin Ki', 'Sun Woo Eun Sook', 'Jeon Min Seo']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Lee Yong Seok,Lee Hye Seon
2263,Miss Ajumma,https://mydramalist.com/2197-miss-ajumma,Drama,Unknown,"Kang Geum Hwa quit her job after getting married and having a daughter. Uncomplaining and trusting, she tries her best to make a happy home for her family. But when she learns that her husband Go Kyung Se is having an affair, she divorces him. Initially miserable, Geum Hwa undergoes a makeover. Now confident and attractive, she is ready to start a new life with her daughter. Her Ex-husband, Kyung Se, the president of advertising company Sweet Rain, remarries. Eventually, he comes to the realization of how important Geum Hwa is to him, and wants her back. But his new wife Wang Se Mi isn't going to let him go without a fight.",7.4,65,103,"['Oh Hyun Kyung', 'Kwon Oh Jung', 'Yoo Ji In', 'Kim Jung Min', 'Jung Sung Woon', 'Kim Jong Suk']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Oh Jin Suk,Song Jung Rim
2264,Shining Na Ra,https://mydramalist.com/28326-shining-world,"Comedy,  Youth,  Fantasy","Adapted From A Manga, Shop Setting, Short Length Series, Transformation, Web Series ","Shining Nara tells the story of a sixth grader named Nara who no longer wants to be a child. One day she finds a makeup kit and decides to use it. As a result, she became a 16 year old girl and disguises herself under the name Bitna to approach her brothers friend who’s training to be an idol only to end up training as an idol herself to be close to him. How will Nara be able to keep her true identity a secret?",7.4,112,12,"['Kwon Chae Won', 'Lee Chae Yoon', 'Choi Sung Hwan', 'Im Jae Ha', 'Jung Myung Hoon', 'Baek Ye Bin']",G - All Ages,Tooniverse,Unknown,Unknown
2265,Jung Yak Yong,https://mydramalist.com/1567-jung-yak-yong,"Historical,  Mystery","Miniseries, Infidelity, Death, Murder, Investigation ","A legendary scholar from the Joseon Kingdom (1392-1910) is reborn as a charismatic detective through cable channel OCN's ""Jeong Yak Yong"".The eight-episode television mini-series is aimed at attracting crime film and drama fans with colorful characters and a traditional backdrop.""There are so many frightening things happening these days, and I wanted to portray them with traditional characters in a traditional backdrop"", Kim Hong-sun, the director, said at a press conference Monday in central Seoul.Jeong (1762-1836) was a successful scholar and an avid believer of practical learning. He also worked as a royal commissioner and wrote numerous reports of cases he worked on during his term.The 45-minute-long episodes will show various cases, including theft, adultery and even murder, with handsome Park Jae Jeong playing the role of the smart and dynamic Jeong, the ""Sherlock Holmes of the Joseon Kingdom"".",7.4,96,8,"['Lee Young Eun', 'Park Jae Jung', 'Hong Seok Cheon', 'Jang Dong Min', 'Jo Sang Ki', 'Jung Chan Woo']",Not Yet Rated,OCN,Kim Hong Seon,Yang Hee Seung
2266,I Need a Fairy,https://mydramalist.com/3393-i-need-a-fairy,"Comedy,  Fantasy,  Sitcom","Angel Male Lead, Mother-Daughter Relationship ","In this sitcom fate introduces a fallen angel into the lives of a mother and daughter, who together are put through a variety of episodes.(Source: HanCinema)",7.4,90,100,"['Cha In Pyo', 'Hwang Woo Seul Hye', 'Shim Hye Jin', 'Lee Doo Il', 'Yoon Ji Min', 'Park Hee Jin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Unknown,"Song Hye Jin,  Shin Kwang Ho,  Kwak Kyung Yoon"
2267,Sweet Bride,https://mydramalist.com/9018-sweet-bride,"Romance,  Drama",Unknown,Unknown,7.4,8,16,"['Kim Jee Soo', 'Kim Sang Joong', 'Kwak Jung Wook', 'Song Hye Kyo', 'Yoo Seung Bong', 'Song Chae Hwan']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Unknown,Park Hyun Joo
2268,Standby,https://mydramalist.com/3777-standby,"Business,  Comedy,  Sitcom",Unknown,"Standby is a workplace comedy that takes place at a fictional broadcast station, where our series lead Ryu Jin finds himself stuck in a career slump (can it be a slump if it never took off?) amidst dreams of anchoring the nightly news. Other characters include variety PDs, writers, and announcers who make up the broadcast station family.Jung plays a young woman named So-min who grew up in a remote mountain village. She finds herself working a number of odd jobs once she makes the big move to Seoul, determined to make her way in the world and work hard at a successful career. So-min (the character) is a little behind the fashions and tends to say weird things that puzzle people, but she’s got a warm heart and a generous personality. Sadly, though, it’s that trusting nature that also makes her a target for opportunists.- Dramabeans",7.4,144,113,"['Jung So Min', 'Kim Su Hyun', 'Yim Si Wan', 'Lee Ki Woo', 'Ha Seok Jin', 'Ryu Jin']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Unknown,"Baek Sun Woo,  Lee Eun Young,  Hong Bo Hee"
2269,Yoo Mi's Room,https://mydramalist.com/14775-yoo-mis-room,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Sitcom",Unknown,"The coming-of-age sitcom depicts the struggles and adventures by a single lady, Yoo Mi, who tries to find her own happiness and what she really loves.",7.4,23,12,"['Son Dam Bi', 'Lee Yi Kyung', 'Hyun Woo', 'Yoon Jin Wook', 'Park Jin Joo', 'Jin Joo Hyung']",Not Yet Rated,O'live,Unknown,Choi Woo Joo
2270,First Love,https://mydramalist.com/5517-first-love-2003,"Romance,  Drama","Infidelity, Student-Teacher Relationship ","Joon Hee fell in love with Eun Young, a senior co-ed, while he was in college. But one day Eun Young disappears from his life and later on Joon Hee decides to leave for Italy to pursue his studies in the arts. Joon Hee becomes a professor in the department of sculpture. On the first day of class he meets a co-ed, Hee Soo. They begin to develop special feelings for each other. Even after Joo Hee get married, the love between Joon Hee and Hee Soo is so strong that they continue their affair.",7.4,8,16,"['Shin Sung Woo', 'Jo An', 'Ryu Soo Young', 'Kim Jee Soo', 'Ok Go Woon', 'Jo Hyun Jae']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Unknown,Unknown
2271,Oh Ja Ryong is Coming,https://mydramalist.com/5703-oh-ja-ryong-is-coming,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Family",Unknown,"A story about Oh Ja Ryong, a gregarious and good-natured fellow who stands up to his conniving brother-in-law, Yong Seok, who plots to steal the estate of his wife’s family. By juxtaposing Oh Ja Ryong’s pure heart and devotion to his wife with Yong Seok’s greed and superficial love towards his wife.(Source: MBC)",7.4,98,129,"['Lee Jang Woo', 'Oh Yeon Seo', 'Seo Hyun Jin', 'Jin Tae Hyun', 'Jo Mi Ryung', 'Yoo Joo Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Choi Won Seok,  Lee Jae Jin",Kim Sa Kyung
2272,My Ahjussi Kkon Dae Hee,https://mydramalist.com/713285-my-ahjussi-kkon-dae-hee,"Comedy,  Life","Comedian Male Lead, Weeekly, Miniseries, Web Series ","""I'm not even 60 yet! ""Just call me an ahjussi."" 58-year-old oldest, Dae Hee. It's been a long time since his wife Bong Seon and son Dong Min came home, and no one contacted him even on his birthday. Then came a phone call out of nowhere from his son. ""Dad, I lost all my money"". It can't end like this. He starts to get work as a part timer, he meets Sim Chung, a young kkondae in her 20s, and learns life well once again. Kkondaehee, who still wants to love and to be loved, this is his happiness finding project! A web drama, featuring alter ego of comedian Kim Dae Hee, 'Kkon Dae Hee', other comedians and Weeekly's Lee Soo Jin!(Source: Naver)",7.4,14,5,"['Kim Dae Hee', 'Lee Soo Jin', 'Kim Ki Nam', 'Shin Bong Sun', 'Jang Dong Min', 'Hong Yoon Hwa']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
2273,BReal Bro&Sis,https://mydramalist.com/745391-breal-bro-sis,"Comedy,  Drama","Short Length Series, Brother-Sister Relationship, Miniseries, Web Series, Body Swap ",My brother and I switched souls?! The unreal survival story of real siblings.(Source: Korean = official.breal || Translation = MyDramaList),7.4,7,8,['Song Ye Bin'],Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2274,No Bother Me,https://mydramalist.com/704099-no-bother-me,"Romance,  Youth","Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Young Adult Female Lead, Young Adult Male Lead, University, Multiple Mains, Friends To Lovers, Web Series, Friendship ",A story about unrefined 'savage' that any 20-year-old college student would have crossed paths with. (Source: Naver),7.4,57,35,"['Seo Ye Ri', 'Kim Young Shik', 'Lee Jong Hyuk', 'Jang Moon Jung', 'Moon Seo Yool', 'Kim Min Jung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2275,Look Back With a Smile,https://mydramalist.com/5858-look-back-with-a-smile,"Comedy,  Sitcom",Unknown,"Lee Duk Hwa is the iron-willed president of a private hospital. At home, he is similarly conservative and severe, stubbornly insisting that his word is law. In an era where young people believe in freedom of thought and speech, however, he finds it difficult to communicate with his children. A storm of problems gives him further headaches: his oldest son Sang Myun fails at his business yet again, and his seemingly perfect second daughter Seung Min suddenly insists on marrying a celebrity. At the end of the day, can he look back with a smile?",7.4,6,90,"['Park Sang Myun', 'Woo Hee Jin', 'Lee Seung Min', 'Lee Deok Hwa', 'Nam Bo Ra', 'Kim San Ho']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Unknown,Unknown
2276,Love Campus,https://mydramalist.com/711009-love-campus,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth","Student Male Lead, School Setting, Young Adult Male Lead, Short Length Series, Flashback To Past, University, Multiple Mains, Miniseries, Web Series ","Kim Pyung Bum has always been popular and has always sought to live as low-key as possible, but his return to college will leave him with a decision to make.(Source: Filmow)",7.4,6,9,Unknown,Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2277,First Love,https://mydramalist.com/1452-first-love-1996,"Romance,  Melodrama","Rich Woman/Poor Man, First Love, Love Triangle ","This early drama focuses on the lives of two brothers, Chan Hyuk and Chan Woo, and their relationship a wealthy girl named Hyo Kyung from childhood through adulthood. Chan Hyuk and Chan Woo move with their family from Seoul to the countryside where their widowed father finds work as a painter for the local movie theater. The two brothers eventually befriend the movie theater owner's daughter, Hyo Kyung. Although both brothers develop feelings for her, Hyo Kyung falls for the artistic Chan Hyuk. Their relationship is severely tested by multiple hardships over the course of many years including the extreme opposition of her father and uncle.",7.4,77,66,"['Choi Soo Jong', 'Bae Yong Joon', 'Lee Seung Yeon', 'Park Sang Won', 'Choi Ji Woo', 'Song Chae Hwan']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Unknown,Unknown
2278,Everywhere and Nowhere,https://mydramalist.com/704073-everywhere-and-nowhere,"Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Student Female Lead, School Setting, Young Adult Female Lead, Lesbian Female Lead, Short Length Series, Lesbian Romance, University, LGBTQ+, Miniseries, Web Series ",Unknown,7.4,52,3,['Lee Yu Ri'],Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2279,Shinjikki,https://mydramalist.com/718715-shinjikki,"Romance,  Drama,  Fantasy","Mermaid Female Lead, Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series ","The story of saving islanders who are on the verge of losing their lives from mermaid hunters in Guyaguk, while Yoo Jin, who was once a naval general but exiled to the island and became captain of a fishing boat, and Shinjikki, a mermaid who sees the future, share a fateful.(Source: HanCinema)",7.4,17,5,"['Lee Yeol Eum', 'Park Noh Shik']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Park Chae Woon,Unknown
2280,First Wives Club,https://mydramalist.com/1066-first-wives-club,"Romance,  Family","Hospital Director Supporting Character, Soap Opera ","Wives usually sacrifice their lives for the good of the family. However, a one-sided sacrifice won't keep the relationship going forever. What is real happiness, love, and truth? This drama will try to answer this question through the characters in this story. When a couple of wives discover that their husband's hearts are with other women, they decide to form their own 1st Wives Club and take matters into their own hands!",7.4,103,104,"['Lee Joon Hyuk', 'Oh Hyun Kyung', 'Lee Sang Woo', 'Ahn Nae Sang', 'Kim Hye Sun', 'Son Hyun Joo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Son Jung Hyun,Moon Young Nam
2281,My Sweetheart My Darling,https://mydramalist.com/2802-my-sweetheart-my-darling,"Drama,  Melodrama",Unknown,"This drama portrays the various ways of loving of seven guys and girls through a story that revolves around a man and a woman who used to be elementary school classmates. In Young (Lee Bo Young) accidentally runs into her elementary school classmate Ki Jun (Kim Seung Soo) after so many years, and the two tie the knot despite their parents' protests. But after failing to get pregnant even after three years of marriage, In Young faces a divorce. The situation escalates when Jae Min, an executive of a publishing company and a widower, shows interest in In Young, and a girl named Hee Joo, who has had a crush on Ki Jun since childhood, shows up. While In Young and Ki Jun attempt to make their new relationships work, In-young becomes pregnant out of the blue as she continues to see Ki Jun even after the divorce. To make things worse, In Young's younger brother, In Cheol, gets embroiled in a love triangle involving his sister's friend Sun Mi and the girl named Mi Jung, whom he dated while serving in the army.Source: KBS Global Marketing",7.4,17,159,"['Kim Seung Soo', 'Lee Bo Young', 'Lee Soon Jae', 'Ban Hyo Jung', 'Lee Bo Hee', 'Jeon Yang Ja']",Not Yet Rated,KBS1,"Lee Jung Sub,  Lee Min Hong",Park Jung Ran
2282,My Beloved Sister,https://mydramalist.com/2787-my-beloved-sister,"Romance,  Life,  Drama,  Family,  Melodrama",Unknown,"She faces poverty, something that is more scary and unfamiliar to her than sadness. But she proudly recovers her original place by believing in herself.Many people regard accumulation of riches as the ultimate value of life. However, we have now reached a point where we need to look back and reconsider our life goals. This drama series revolves around a twenty-something woman who is suddenly thrown into the cold world together with her immature brothers, after losing her father to a sudden accident. Within a very short period, she experiences the two extreme facets of life. Coming face-to-face with poverty, something that is more scary and unfamiliar than sadness, she also has to withstand psychological downfall, which is more difficult than her loss of wealth. Fortunately, there is a man standing next to her, quietly supporting her. She overcomes her crisis thanks to this simple, warm-hearted man and his family, finally recovering her original place through her own strength and means. Through this young woman and stories about people around her, this drama series intends to ponder about the true and worthy values that we need to pursue to make our lives more meaningful.[MBC Global Media]",7.4,110,55,"['Kim Sung Soo', 'Song Yoon Ah', 'Kang Kyung Joon', 'Heo Young Ran', 'Baek Min Hyun', 'Kim Sun Hwa']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,MBC,Oh Kyung Hoon,Kim Jung Soo
2283,Nonstop,https://mydramalist.com/1174-nonstop,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Sitcom","Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Young Adult Female Lead, Young Adult Male Lead, University, Family Relationship, Youth, Friendship ","The series was popular for its cast of teen idols, many of who debuted through the show gaining vast popularity. Each Nonstop season shows the hilarious everyday life adventures of a group of college students and their friends and family.",7.4,17,55,"['Lee Min Woo', 'Go Soo', 'Kim Hyo Jin', 'Yeon Jung Hoon', 'Lee Min Woo', 'Lee Jenny']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Kwon Ik Joon,Baek Ji Hyun
2284,Your Neighbor's Wife,https://mydramalist.com/8059-your-neighbors-wife,"Mystery,  Comedy,  Romance,  Family","Married Female Lead, Housewife Female Lead, Erectile Dysfunction, Misogynist Male Lead, Misogyny, Midlife Marriage Crisis, Hardworking Female Lead, Sexual Harassment, Infidelity, Weak Male Lead ","Imagine a charming person moves in next door and starts flirting with you! A married couple was once very much in love. However, after spending a long time together, they have become indifferent toward one another and are desperately in need of something new. Song Ha is a competent working woman with two children, married to Sun Kyu, a narrow-minded idealist. One day, a couple moves in next door. One is Kyung Joo, a dedicated housewife who is all about housekeeping and supporting her family, and the other is her husband Sang Shik, a patriarchal man. Song Ha and Sun Kyu, who were frustrated with each other, are attracted to their new neighbors, who are totally different from their spouses. What will these couples get up to with their whirlwind of emotions? They have nowhere to run or hide! From romance to sexy comedy, mystery, and even thrilling situations!(Source: JTBC)",7.4,70,22,"['Shin Eun Kyung', 'Yeom Jung Ah', 'Jung Joon Ho', 'Kim Yoo Suk', 'Yoon Ji Min', 'Yeom Dong Hun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,"Lee Tae Gon,  Kim Jae Hong",Unknown
2285,Ugly Miss Young Ae Season 14,https://mydramalist.com/14753-ugly-miss-young-ae-season-14,"Comedy,  Drama",Steamy Kiss ,"This drama revolves around Young Ae and the prejudiced portrayal of chubby women and the stress they get from their superiors, colleagues and work.",7.4,7,22,"['Kim Hyun Sook', 'Lee Seung Joon', 'Park Sun Ho', 'Jung Da Hye', 'Jo Duk Je', 'Sazal Kim']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Han Sang Jae,"Baek Sun Woo,  Myung Soo Hyun,  Choi Bo Rim,  Han Sul Hee"
2286,Because It's My First Time,https://mydramalist.com/29554-because-it-s-my-first-time,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life",Miniseries ,"Side story and follow up of popular web drama ""Crushes- Special Edition"" - This side story follows through the married lives of couple Park Sung Woo & Kim Su In.",7.4,97,5,"['Park Sung Woo', 'Kim Soo In']",Not Yet Rated,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Unknown,Unknown
2287,Love Racing,https://mydramalist.com/7362-love-racing,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Sports",Miniseries ,Romantic comedy drama,7.4,6,10,"['Yoo Chae Young', 'Song Joong Ki', 'Park Hyun Jin', 'Kim Dong Yoon', 'Chae Young In', 'Seo Bae Joon']",Not Yet Rated,CGV,Unknown,Unknown
2288,The Firstborn,https://mydramalist.com/7892-the-firstborn,"Drama,  Family",Unknown,"A heartwarming story of a family, overcoming obstacles with the power of love. A family from the southern end of Korea has always been happy despite their poverty. However, a sudden accident strikes them and takes away the parents, leaving the five children alone. Without parents, they have to live through a harsh reality. The eldest, Yeong Sun, is only eleven years old, but she has to take care of her siblings and becomes a mother-figure. She soon focuses on nothing but family. However, irresistible love comes her way. Hesitant, Yeong Sun decides to give up on romance and live life as it used to be. Will she eventually regain her happiness? “The Eldest” depicts the very noble love of five siblings who have been abandoned by society, and the blossoming of a genuine romantic relationship.(Source: JTBC)",7.4,61,54,"['Jae Hee', 'Yoon Jung Hee', 'Yoo Hae Jung', 'Park Jae Jung', 'Oh Yoon Ah', 'Jo Yi Jin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,Lee Kwan Hee,Kim Jung Soo
2289,When the Apple of Eye Shattered,https://mydramalist.com/35635-when-the-apple-of-eye-shattered,Comedy,Unknown,"Made by crew of 'Do you want to play Truth or Dare with me?' How love changes in one night - Minseok still loves her but she changed 180 degrees. What? Who did what?? ""Please! She is my EVERYTHING!!""",7.4,5,1,Unknown,Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2290,The End of the World,https://mydramalist.com/6401-the-end-of-the-world,"Mystery,  Drama,  Medical","Pandemic, Virus, Adapted From A Novel, Disaster, Investigation ","An unidentified epidemic with a 100% fatality rate strikes Seoul. There is no guarantee who will be alive tomorrow. The Korea Center for Disease Control (KCDC) begins investigating the unknown so-called “M(Moon)” Virus. The KCDC tracks the origin of the “M” virus, uncovering that the carrier is, in fact, an ordinary student. Realizing he has the virus, the carrier student secretly runs off. Finding the fugitive becomes a top priority for the KCDC’s virus investigators. Joo Heon is the KCDC’s Sherlock Holmes with his sharp instincts. While the investigation is underway, Joo Heon gradually becomes infatuated with Na Hyun, his fellow investigator. After much hesitation, he eventually confesses his feelings for her. When they share their feelings, the M virus puts their romance in jeopardy, when Na Hyun is infected with the virus.(Source: JTBC)~~ Adapted from the novel ""Infectious Disease"" by Bae Young Ik.",7.4,126,12,"['Jang Hyun Sung', 'Jang  Kyung Ah', 'Yoon Je Moon', 'Park Hyuk Kwon', 'Park Seo Yeon', 'Kim Yong Min']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,Ahn Pan Seok,Park Hye Ryun
2291,In-Out Sider,https://mydramalist.com/35857-in-out-sider,"Comedy,  Romance,  Supernatural","Web Series, High School, Ghost, Miniseries, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Teenager Male Lead, Short Length Series, Spirit Possession, Friendship ",Two high school boys growing and getting mature together. They are thinking about their dreams and future.(Source: kpopmap),7.4,115,8,"['Seola', 'Lim Se Jun', 'Kim Jae Hoon', 'Lee Eun Bi', 'Kim Eun Soo', 'Lee Na Gil']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,vLive,Unknown,Unknown
2292,You Will Love Me,https://mydramalist.com/15244-you-will-love-me,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama",Screenwriter Female Lead ,A romantic comedy drama about a drama writer wannabe Park Ji Ho who acts as a man and becomes an expert in relationship advice and transforms loser Oh Geun Baek into a winner.,7.4,16,16,"['Oh Chang Seok', 'Lee Tae Im', 'Lee Min Young', 'Yoo Il', 'Kim Kyung Jin', 'Park Hee Jin']",Not Yet Rated,DramaX,Unknown,Unknown
2293,Age of Warriors,https://mydramalist.com/7191-age-of-warriors,"Military,  Historical,  Drama,  Political","Goryeo Dynasty, Historical Fiction, Inspired By Real Events ","This drama is set in a tumultuous time in Korean history, where warriors led by Jung Joong Bu, Lee Ui Bang, Lee Go and Chae Won rose in rebellion against King Ui Jong of Goryeo and his government, dominated by scholars and ministers, with the aim of establishing military rule.",7.4,22,158,"['Im Hyuk', 'Kim Gab Soo', 'Lee Deok Hwa', 'Kim Myung Kook', 'Seo In Seok', 'Kim Heung Ki']",Not Yet Rated,KBS1,Kim Sung Geun,Yoo Dong Yoon
2294,An Angel’s Choice,https://mydramalist.com/4072-an-angels-choice,"Romance,  Drama","Soap Opera, Family ","The drama tells the story of a woman who takes a beating because of husband’s betrayal and misunderstanding, and lives on to rediscover love and happiness with the help of family.Choi Eun Sul is a researcher at cosmetics company and a young married woman who is cheerful, lively and has strong curiosity. Although been betrayed and deeply hurt, and she insists on finding her own love and happiness.(Source: dramahaven)",7.4,22,140,"['Choi Jung Yoon', 'Kang Se Jung', 'Jung Sung Woon', 'Yoon Hee Seok', 'Choi Il Hwa', 'Lee Jung Gil']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Song Hyung Suk,Seo Hyun Joo
2295,Love Again,https://mydramalist.com/4710-love-again,"Romance,  Life,  Drama,  Family,  Melodrama",Unknown,"The story begins when men and women in their mid-40s meet each other again after 30 years, in a class reunion set up by a former classmate. With their current life hidden, they all enjoy the reunion and return to their respective lives, only to find out that two of the members begin to meet frequently, causing old flames to spark again and turn into a dangerous love affair. The struggles between families and burdens of reality are described in detail, but as they solve the mystery, the friendships and love between them remain unchanged after a number of conflicts and reconciliations. The story depicts the solitude and the pain of middle age in modern life which forces the responsibility of parenthood and spouses on them and provides a chance to look back on the lives they unknowingly abandoned long ago.(Source:JTBC)",7.4,70,16,"['Kim Jee Soo', 'Ryu Jung Han', 'Choi Chul Ho', 'Lee Ah Hyun', 'Jeon Noh Min', 'Yoo Tae Woong']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,Hwang In Roe,Unknown
2296,Someday,https://mydramalist.com/10567-someday-2013,"Romance,  Life,  Youth","Miniseries, Web Series ","Completely different to each other in time and space, a man and a woman meet in a strange place. Their fates change. - NAVER",7.4,26,5,"['Choi  Woo Shik', 'Jo A Young']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
2297,Some Air,https://mydramalist.com/78607-some-air,Romance,"Flight Attendant Female Lead, Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series, Multiple Couples ","Depicts the romantic meeting of four men and women in a thrilling airplane, an airport, and an unfamiliar city.(Source: Naver)",7.4,9,10,"['Anne', 'Hong Eun Ki', 'Choi Hye Jin', 'Park Yong Je', 'Lee Gyu Hyung', 'Han Seung Ho']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2298,Heart Way,https://mydramalist.com/715589-heart-way,"Romance,  Youth","Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, Short Length Series, Miniseries, High School, Web Series ","Si Woo, the female lead, suddenly gains superpowers one day: ‘if you share the Subway menu, you can hear the person’s heart’. The title of the work was created by combining the English word ‘Hear’ and Subway’s ‘Way’ to contain the same content.(Source: Dramalist.org)",7.4,58,8,"['Ji Won', 'Lee Jong Hyuk', 'Kim Hyun Jae', 'Kim Da Hye']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
2299,Office Watch Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/28089-office-watch-2,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Workplace Setting, Office Setting, Female Centered Plot, Office Worker Female Lead, Short Length Series, Workplace Romance, Independent Female Lead, Frenemy, Eccentric Female Lead, Miniseries ","Ji Hyun was proud to be the only employee who was good at playing office politics until her rival, Hye In, joined the company to work on a short-term project. Hye In outclasses Ji Hyun in every way, including physical beauty and track record. It's a matter of course that she steals the spotlight from Ji Hyun, especially the attention of Senior Direction Byun. Assistant Manager Park Seong Eun is glad to have Hye In in her team because there's finally someone who can drive Ji Hyun nuts. However, it looks like Hye In has feelings for her boyfriend Jin Ho?! As a result, Ji Hyun and Seong Eun form a new alliance to drive out the fox that has invaded their team.Meanwhile, another couple, Sa Ra and Kyung Jun, faces their own crisis. It's because of the delivery man who frequently drops by the office. Kyung Jun, who is quick-witted, keeps a close eye on Sa Ra and the delivery man, who seems to have a strange chemistry going on. The advent of new characters (Project Manager Hye In & delivery man) unfolds an even more nerve-racking office tale.(Source: KBS World)",7.4,100,8,"['Jin So Yeon', 'Cho So Bin', 'Han Seo Jin', 'Baek Soo Hee', 'Kim Young Dae']",Not Yet Rated,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Unknown,Unknown
2300,My Old Friend,https://mydramalist.com/21888-my-old-friend,"Comedy,  Life,  Youth,  Drama","Grandpa-Granddaughter Relationship, Miniseries, Father-Daughter Relationship, Father-Son Relationship, Web Series, Age Gap [Drama Life], Age Gap [Real Life], Short Length Series, Family ","A drama about a grandpa and his granddaughter, with very different personalities, who spend a weekend together and form a bond as they become friends.",7.4,65,7,"['Yuna', 'Moon Chang Gil', 'Kim Kyung Ik', 'Oh Yoon Hong', 'Ye Soo Jung', 'Woo Hee']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
2301,Short Paper Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/54789-short-paper-season-2,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Youth","School Setting, Short Length Series, University, Miniseries, Web Series, Student, Friendship ","Story focused on Shi Young's relationship with her long term boyfriend, Byoung Woon. It portrays the struggles of nowadays long term relationships, such as, lack of interest, trust and boundaries. Will they be able to overcome their issues or will they part ways?(Source: MyDramaList)",7.4,23,6,"['Lee Si Young', 'Bae Jae Seong', 'Seo Soo  Min']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
2302,I'll Give You The Stars and The Moon,https://mydramalist.com/4355-ill-give-you-the-stars-and-the-moon,"Romance,  Life,  Family,  Melodrama","Surgeon Male Lead, Ergophobia, Mental Illness, Phobia ","Family is like a haven to us. We love them even to pick the stars and the moon for them. In this drama, a family, whose members are all scattered away due to the conflicts, comes to realize that it’s each other that will best protect them from hardships.Seo Jin Woo is a surgeon who has a trauma from his younger days that causes surgery phobia, Han Chae Won works in food research and deeply in love of Jin Woo, and the ambitious Kyung Joo who abandoned Jin Woo to choose Min Hyuk. Together, they depicts the story of love and hate.",7.4,174,129,"['Seo Ji Hye', 'Jo Dong Hyuk', 'Moon Bo Ryung', 'Go Se Won', 'Kim Yeong Cheol', 'Ban Hyo Jung']",Not Yet Rated,KBS1,Unknown,Hong Young Hee
2303,Like Father Unlike Son,https://mydramalist.com/1091-like-father-unlike-son,Drama,"Brothers' Relationship, Family ","This is the story of two brothers. The younger brother is a good baseball pitcher who gets a scholarship to play baseball in college. The older brother is rather troubled; he has failed his college entrance exam a number of times. Their mother is trapped in a very unhappy marriage, and the situation does not get better when her husband helps a woman who he has a relationship with (and a daughter, too) move back to his small hometown. Right away, the two women bump into each other and sparks fly. The sons also find out that they have a sister.",7.4,10,48,"['Jung Joon', 'Han Go Eun', 'Lee Jong Won', 'Park In Hwan', 'Kim Gyu Ri', 'Yang Geum Suk']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Kim Yong Kyu,Choi Yoon Jung
2304,Can't Take It Anymore,https://mydramalist.com/7836-cant-take-it-anymore,"Romance,  Drama,  Family",Unknown,"Jong Kab is a man in his 70s who is an extreme cheapskate and male chauvinist. He inspects his wife Bok Ja’s household accounts, wrecks meals by complaining about the food, and is stingy with even his wife’s sauna fees. Bok Ja is an extremely submissive and nice woman who was abused and treated like a housekeeper, not to mention being in a loveless marriage. She endures the bitterness until the marriage of her youngest daughter in order to fulfill her responsibility as a parent. As soon as her daughter’s wedding is over, her repressed feelings explode. She shoves divorce papers at Jong Kab and demands an end to their marriage. Jong Kab is extremely shocked by a Bok Ja he has never seen before, and tears up the divorce papers without hesitation, refusing to divorce. The four children of Jong Kab and Bok Ja ponder how to financially support their parents who are about to divorce. They all react differently to the late-life divorce of their parents and begin to think about what true love between married people is like.(Source: JTBC)",7.4,10,111,"['Lee Young Eun', 'Kim Jin Woo', 'Baek Il Sub', 'Sun Woo Yong Nyeo', 'Kim Young Jae', 'Min Ji Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,Lee Min Chul,Seo Young Myung
2305,Miss Kim's Secret Life Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/68083-miss-kim-s-secret-life-consumption,Comedy,"Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series ",Unknown,7.3,4,7,"['Jin So Yeon', 'Baek Bum Soo', 'Jei']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
2306,Translation-needed Love Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/714787-translation-needed-love-season-2,Romance,"Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series ",Unknown,7.3,4,3,Unknown,Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2307,Secret Crushes Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/22215-unrequited-love-season-2,"Romance,  Youth,  Drama","School Setting, Short Length Series, Web Series, Student, Unrequited Love ",Four men and women love each other for who they are. A realistic unrequited love story from a third-person point of view.(Source: Translated from Naver),7.3,41,23,"['Jo Ki Sung', 'Kim Soo In', 'Yang Hye Ji', 'Park Sun Woo', 'Kim Yoo Min', 'Park Jong Min']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
2308,Mom's Dead Upset,https://mydramalist.com/2335-mom-has-grown-horns,"Romance,  Drama",Family ,"Lee Jong Won is a divorce settlement lawyer who falls for Na Young Soo, a family lawyer, who has her mind set on remaining single. Jong Won separated from his ex-wife because she cheated on him with another man. They have one daughter together who is just as selfish as her mother. The drama about a family and their daily lives and the obstacles that each of them faces. (Source: DramaWiki)",7.3,38,66,"['Kim Hye Ja', 'Ryu Jin', 'Shin Eun Kyung', 'Lee Soon Jae', 'Baek Il Sub', 'Kim Jung Hyun']",G - All Ages,KBS2,Jung Eul Young,Kim Soo Hyun
2309,You Don't Know Women,https://mydramalist.com/1234-you-dont-know-women,"Romance,  Drama","Hospital Setting, Hardship, Single Mother Female Lead, Unconditional Love, Hateful Mother-in-Law, Jealousy, Miscarriage, Infidelity, Mother-Son Relationship, Marriage ",Lee Min Jung becomes pregnant after discovering her husband's affair with Oh Yoo Ran. A drama about her life as a single mom and the man who loves her unconditionally.,7.3,46,109,"['Kim Ji Ho', 'Chae Min Seo', 'Im Ho', 'Go Se Won', 'Im Ye Jin', 'Lee Kyung Jin']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Bae Tae Seop,Kim Young In
2310,Three Sisters,https://mydramalist.com/3358-three-sisters,Drama,"Restaurant Setting, Female Centered Plot, Sisters' Relationship, Conflict, Nice Female Lead, Family ","This drama is based on the lives of two generations of three sisters, portraying their relationships and the difficulties they have to deal with. The oldest sister in the second generation, Eun Young, experiences problems with her husband and subsequently suffers the conflicts of a divorce.(Source: D-addicts)",7.3,21,123,"['Yang Mi Ra', 'Myung Se Bin', 'Jo An', 'Jung Jae Soon', 'Park Won Sook', 'Kyeon Mi Ri']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Yoon Ryu Hae,Choi Yoon Jung
2311,My YouTube Diary Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/76587-my-youtube-diary-2,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth","YouTuber Female Lead, Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series, Friendship ",Unknown,7.3,15,8,"['Kim Ri Won', 'Yoon Hye Rim', 'Sim Hyun Seo', 'Park Sang Hoon', 'Wooyeon', 'DDotty']",G - All Ages,Tooniverse,Unknown,Unknown
2312,Sangdo,https://mydramalist.com/1090-sangdo,Historical,"Historical Fiction, Joseon Dynasty ","This is a story exploring the moral of a trader and the value of the wealth. The popular writer Choi In Ho tells a story about the legendary Korean merchant in Joseon Dynasty, Im Sang Ok (1779-1855).",7.3,125,50,"['Lee Jae Ryong', 'Hong Eun Hee', 'Kim Hyun Joo', 'Jeong Bo Seok', 'Jung Ho Geun', 'Lee Hee Do']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,MBC,Lee Byung Hoon,Choi Wan Kyu
2313,Old Miss Diary,https://mydramalist.com/2098-old-miss-diary,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Sitcom","Clumsy Female Lead, Older Woman/Younger Man, Male Chases Female First, Sismance, Multiple Couples, Nice Male Lead, Family, Friendship ","Mi Ja, Ji Young and Yun Ah are three 30 year old urban single woman.. Mi Ja is a dub actress who is devoted to find a right man before becoming too old, but she failed in every blind date and neglects the best man besides her. Ji Young's biggest wish is to marry her actor boyfriend who is with her for ten years; she has too many romantic love imaginations, she had too much to deal with her mother-in-law. She can't handle the love. She is easily influenced by friends, how should she decide this difficult but precious love? The hot and attractive girl Yun Ah, is a winner in love. She knows men well and handle them well. Mi Ja and Ji Young admires her, however, at last she failed in a married man.",7.3,27,232,"['Ye Ji Won', 'Kim Ji Young', 'Oh Yoon Ah', 'Ji Hyun Woo', 'Jang Dong Jik', 'Kim Jung Min']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,"Shin Won Ho,  Kim Seok Yoon","Park Hae Young,  Lee Nam Gyu,  Yoo Nam Kyung,  Choi Soo Young"
2314,Reckless Family,https://mydramalist.com/11191-reckless-family,"Comedy,  Sitcom","Miniseries, Family ","""Reckless Family"" is a sitcom that features impromptu skits around the concept of “family”.",7.3,8,9,"['Tak Jae Hoon', 'Lee Hye Young', 'Lee  Han Wi', 'Ahn Moon Sook', 'Do Ye Sung', 'Choi Woong']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Unknown,Unknown
2315,Sharp Season 3,https://mydramalist.com/5395-sharp-3,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth","Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, Multiple Mains, High School ",Unknown,7.3,7,51,"['Bae Geu Rin', 'Ahn Yong Joon', 'Oh Yi Na', 'Seo Joon Young', 'Choi Eun Seo', 'Seo Min Woo']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Park Ki Hyun,Unknown
2316,Loving You,https://mydramalist.com/3396-loving-you,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Married Life, Older Man/Younger Woman, Student-Teacher Relationship, Nice Male Lead ","Sun Hwa, class valedictorian, is an ordinary girl. One day, a handsome boy, Hyung Jun, is transferred to her class as a teacher's assistant. Sun Wha falls hopelessly in love with him. As class representative and teacher's assistant, they quickly become intimate. As graduation approaches, Sun Hwa proposes to Hyung Jun. Hyung Jun declines, considering their differences. What's more, a beautiful fellow teacher, Jang Mi, has been pursing Hyung Jun as well, becoming Sun Hwa's rival. Sun Hwa has only her father to back her in the fight for her true love, Hyung Jun.(Source: DramaWiki)",7.3,40,16,"['Chae Rim', 'Kam Woo Sung', 'Yang Geum Suk', 'Cha Tae Hyun', 'Gil Yong Woo', 'Lee Keun Hee']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Lee Jin Suk,Park Ji Hyun
2317,"Run, Jang Mi",https://mydramalist.com/11328-run-jang-mi,"Food,  Romance",Unknown,"Jang Mi has a warm personality which makes her kind to everyone. She is 26-years-old and a graduate student majoring in culinary arts. Her father is wealthy, but he dies suddenly. Jang Mi's life changes completely after her father's death.While Jang Mi struggles to make a living, she meets a man who is the grandson of a food company president. They become involved romantically.",7.3,52,123,"['Go Joo Won', 'Lee Young Ah', 'Ryu Jin', 'Jung Joon', 'Yoon Joo Hee', 'Lee Shi Won']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Hong Chang Wook,Kim Young In
2318,Love Hymn,https://mydramalist.com/3575-love-hymn,"Romance,  Drama,  Family","Death Of A Wife, Widower Male Lead, Age Gap [Drama Life], Age Gap [Real Life], Secondary Couple, Older Man/Younger Woman, Father-Son Relationship, Death, Nice Male Lead, Rich Male Lead ","This is a story of the love and success of Soon Jin who is poor, but always optimistic about her life. Soon Jin’s story will remind the viewers that true happiness depends on one’s mindset. It also shows us the great power of love. Combining the good qualities of both Italian and Korean dishes, a character finds success in the restaurant business and even expands the business abroad. Through Soon Jin’s family, the drama also emphasizes the importance of family in our lives. Unlike a typical Cinderella story, the viewer will witness Soon Jin using her every effort to become the best. (Source: DramaWiki)",7.3,26,41,"['Jeon Kwang Ryul', 'Jang Seo Hee', 'Kim Ji Hoon', 'Kim Min', 'Im Ji Eun', 'Lee Min Ho']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Kim Young Min,Choi Yoon Jung
2319,Travel Through Romance Season 1.5,https://mydramalist.com/40665-travel-through-romance-1-5,"Food,  Adventure,  Romance","Short Length Series, Traveling, Miniseries, Web Series ",What are the odds of finding love on a trip?A journey that makes meeting and parting special. Until a man and a woman meet in Chuncheon and become a couple in Gangneung.(Source: Korean = drama.fandom.com || Translation = x-Auren-x at MyDramaList),7.3,19,10,"['Seo Jeong Hee', 'Gongchan', 'Kim Joon Kyung', 'Ahn Da Bi', 'Kim Hye Rim', 'Na Seung Ji']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Kim Sang Yoon,Unknown
2320,Country Princess,https://mydramalist.com/1465-country-princess,"Romance,  Life,  Drama","Sismance, Family, Friendship ","Two girls with a twisted fate, born on the same day, Lee Eun Hee and Lee Keum Hee live their lives as sisters. Living a life of poverty with their family, kind and considerate Eun Hee sacrifices her educational chances to better herself for her older sister Keum Hee. Eun Hee's true identity unbeknownst to her, one day a wealthy older man comes to their home requesting the return of his long lost granddaughter. Due to an accident that caused the death of her husband, in spitefulness, the girls mother returns the wrong granddaughter to the older wealthy man and leaves the real granddaughter in a life of struggling and hardship.",7.3,136,17,"['Bae Doo Na', 'Kang Dong Won', 'Kim Yoo Mi', 'Shin Sung Woo', 'On  Jo', 'Kim Sung Kyum']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Kim Jin Man,Bae Yoo Mi
2321,Mood Maker,https://mydramalist.com/32991-mood-maker,"Comedy,  Romance","Ex-Boyfriend Comes Back, Miniseries, Web Series, First Love, Friendship ","Three friends of different tastes fell in love with one woman!? Sexy, cute romance with charm.(Source: 콬TV)",7.3,36,4,"['Joo Se Bin', 'Son Hyun Woo', 'Jo Ki Sung']",Not Yet Rated,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Unknown,Unknown
2322,Wedding Dress,https://mydramalist.com/1451-wedding-dress,Romance,"Sisters' Relationship, Family Relationship ",Hana and Doo Na are two sisters who each want to get married.,7.3,12,22,"['Kim Hee Sun', 'Lee Seung Yeon', 'Kim Min Jong', 'Shin Hyun Joon', 'Kim Hyung Ja', 'Yoon Da Hoon']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Yoon Seok Ho,Choi Yoon Jung
2323,Dawn of the Empire,https://mydramalist.com/9014-dawn-of-the-empire,"Historical,  Drama,  Political","Goryeo Dynasty, Palace Setting, King Male Lead, Historical Figure, Historical Fiction, Royalty, Gwangjong ","This drama is about Kwangjong, the fourth king of the Koryo Dynasty which lasted from 918 to 1392.",7.3,4,94,"['Kim Sang Joong', 'Jeon Hye Jin', 'Choi Jae Sung', 'Hong Ri Na', 'Byun Hee Bong', 'Jo Kyung Hwan']",Not Yet Rated,KBS1,Kim Hyung Il,Lee Hwan Kyung
2324,Sons and Daughters,https://mydramalist.com/12054-sons-and-daughters,"Drama,  Family",Unknown,Sons and Daughters examines Korean society's preference for boys over girls through the story of Lee Kwi Nam and Lee Hoo Nam who are twins of the opposite sex. Hoo Nam's and Kwi Nam's mother unequal treatment of her children is especially moving.,7.3,5,64,"['Choi Soo Jong', 'Kim Hee Ae', 'Sun Woo Eun Sook', 'Park Hye Sook', 'Jung Hye Sun', 'Jun In Taek']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Unknown,Unknown
2325,There's Light at the Tip of My Fingernails,https://mydramalist.com/14175-theres-light-at-the-tip-of-my-fingernails,Drama,"Miniseries, Friendship ",Unknown,7.3,4,8,"['Lee Hong Ki', 'Jun In Taek', 'Choi Ji Na', 'Park Soon Chun', 'Lee Yo Seob', 'Yoon Soon Hong']",Not Yet Rated,EBS,Unknown,Unknown
2326,Ugly Miss Young Ae Season 17,https://mydramalist.com/32713-ugly-miss-young-ae-season-17,"Comedy,  Life,  Drama","Workplace Setting, Working Mom, Overweight ","The seventeenth season of the realistic drama about the thrills and sadness of working women in their 30s, centered around a single woman named Lee Young Ae.(Source: HanCinema)",7.3,4,12,"['Kim Hyun Sook', 'Lee Seung Joon', 'Lee Kyu Han', 'Yeon Je Hyung', 'Ra Mi Ran', 'Park Soo Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Unknown,"Baek Ji Hyun,  Han Sul Hee"
2327,Sympathy,https://mydramalist.com/68353-sympathy,"Romance,  Youth","School Setting, Short Length Series, Web Series, Student ",Unknown,7.3,4,58,Unknown,Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2328,Shoot for the Stars,https://mydramalist.com/1016-shoot-for-the-stars,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","Neurodevelopmental Disorder, Actor Male Lead, Talent Manager Female Lead, Found Family, Famous Lead/Common Lead, Dyslexia, Entertainment Industry, Mental Illness, Film Industry, Learning Disability ","Sung Tae is an orphan. He made up his mind to become a movie star and find his foster parents and brother who made him feel like he was a part of a family. It is a long, hard road to becoming an actor. Adding to these problems, he has a hard time reading scripts because he has dyslexia. Although frustrated at times, he has a warm-hearted manager Han So Ra. She helps him become a great star. Her ceaseless efforts pave the way for his success as a promising actor.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.3,165,16,"['Zo In Sung', 'Lee Seo Jin', 'Jeon Do Yeon', 'Park Sang Myun', 'Hong Eun Hee', 'Jo Jung Rin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Lee Jang Soo,Unknown
2329,Four Colours of Love,https://mydramalist.com/2840-four-colours-of-love,Drama,Miniseries ,"This drama is made up of 3 different kinds of love the heroine goes through. Each love story is a one-act drama. In-ha, the Heroine, is a 34-year-old married woman, who is hoping to escape her dull marriage. She goes through a fairytale first love in her 20s and goes on to experience different kinds of love in her 30s and beyond. Now she looks back on her life, the love and the emotional conflicts she had through her life. Each love story will be portrayed in different genres, including melodrama, romantic comedy and human drama.",7.3,13,4,"['Kim Jung Hwa', 'Kim Won Hee', 'Lee Hyun Woo', 'Yoon Hee Seok', 'Kim Jin Soo', 'Jung  Soo Young']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Unknown,Unknown
2330,Our Love Story,https://mydramalist.com/33038-our-love-story,"Romance,  Life,  Drama","Male Chases Female First, Miniseries, Web Series ",It is a story about two friends who fall in love but decides to be friends,7.3,144,8,"['Yang Byeong Yeol', 'Kim Hyun Ji', 'Baek Jae Min']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2331,Noble Woman,https://mydramalist.com/8542-noble-woman,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Death Of A Husband, Disapproving Parent, Rich Female Lead, Soap Opera, Family Relationship, Poor Female Lead, Jealousy, Death, Rags To Riches, Rich Man/Poor Woman ","Born to a single mom working as a maid, Shin Ae gives up her studies to work as a salesperson in a department store. Mi Na is the only daughter and heiress of the family who owns the department store and secretly envies Shin Ae for her inborn confidence. Shin Ae has a crush on Jung Min, a manager at the store she works in. Smart and capable, Jung Min is involved in a secret relationship with Mi Na. However, Mi Na’s parents disapprove of Jung Min’s ordinary background. When Shin Ae finds out that Jung Min and Mi Na are a couple, she is greatly disappointed. This is when a clumsy but lovable young man named Yeong Min meets Shin Ae. The two find comfort in each other and end up getting married. However, their happiness is cut short when Yeong Min and his parents die in a plane crash. Shin Ae is devastated by the sudden loss in the early days of her marriage. However, there is an unexpected twist, Yeong Min’s father had actually been a huge investor and major shareholder in the department store! Shin Ae inherits the wealth that she had always dreamed of. Shin Ae, who had only been able to dream about becoming rich, is now indisputably part of the upper class. However, her changed status does not bring her true happiness. Moreover, unable to accept that Shin Ae has risen to her status, Mi Na hatches a scheme against her, creating conflict and conspiracy over the ownership of the department store. Meanwhile, Shin Ae continues to have feelings for Jung Min. This drama is an epic tale of love and competition between two high school classmates from completely different worlds, each trying to become a truly noble lady.(Source: JTBC)",7.3,124,114,"['Seo Ji Hye', 'Jung Sung Woon', 'Hyun Woo Sung', 'Park Jung Ah', 'Lee Si Eon', 'Han Ye Won']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,Han Cheol Soo,Unknown
2332,Blue Tower,https://mydramalist.com/8410-blue-tower,"Military,  Comedy,  Drama,  Sitcom",Unknown,"Blue Tower follows the everyday struggles of our challenged group of guys while they serve their mandatory military service. But nothing ever goes smoothly for them! Watch as they attempt each mission, yet hopelessly fall short as their antics and zany short-cuts backfire.",7.3,3,25,"['Choi Jong Hoon', 'Kim Jae Woo', 'Kim Ho Chang', 'Baek Bong Ki', 'Lee Yong Joo', 'Song Young Jae']",Not Yet Rated,tvN,Min Jin Gi,Unknown
2333,Rose Fence,https://mydramalist.com/12745-rose-fence,"Romance,  Drama",Unknown,Unknown,7.3,3,113,"['Son Ji Chang', 'Hong Eun Hee', 'Park So Hyun', 'Namkoong Min', 'Youn Yuh Jung', 'Han Jin Hee']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Bae Kyung Soo,Lee Seon Hee
2334,Ghost Pang Pang,https://mydramalist.com/12915-ghost-pang-pang,"Youth,  Supernatural","School Setting, Ghost ",Unknown,7.3,3,56,"['No Min Woo', 'Han Bo Bae', 'Kim Sung Oh', 'Kim Sook', 'Choi Seung Kyung', 'Park Bodre']",G - All Ages,SBS,Unknown,Unknown
2335,Magic Fighter Mir & Gaon,https://mydramalist.com/15564-magic-fighter-mir-gaon,"Youth,  Fantasy",Unknown,Unknown,7.3,6,175,"['Yoo Seung Ho', 'Lee Tae Ri', 'Choi Ji Yun', 'Park Choong Seon', 'Oh Ji Young', 'Im Dae Ho']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Unknown,Unknown
2336,Third Person Dating Perspective,https://mydramalist.com/61057-3rd-person-love-point,Romance,"Web Series, Short Length Series, Miniseries ","“Third Person Dating Perspective” tells the stories of characters at a hotel art fair. The drama will be filmed at a real hotel art fair over four days at the end of May. Additionally, the web drama will showcase works of art from 60 artists.(Source: Soompi)",7.3,3,3,['Kim Chae Won'],15+ - Teens 15 or older,"MBC,  Naver TV Cast",Unknown,Unknown
2337,Rudyteen,https://mydramalist.com/727259-rudyteen,"Romance,  Youth","School Setting, Short Length Series, High School Crush, Secret Crush, Miniseries, High School, Friends To Lovers, Web Series, Love Triangle, Friendship ",Unknown,7.3,3,4,Unknown,Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2338,"Why, All of a Sudden?",https://mydramalist.com/729673-why-all-of-a-sudden,Comedy,"Short Length Series, Lovelyz, Unlucky Female Lead, Clumsy Female Lead, Miniseries, Web Series ",Everyday is an accident for 30-year-old Ha So Yeon. This hyper-reality story shows a funny and sad side of her daily life.(Source: 이짜나 IZZANA YouTube),7.3,6,7,['Seo Ji Soo'],Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2339,Short Paper,https://mydramalist.com/40823-short-paper,"Romance,  Youth","Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Young Adult Female Lead, Young Adult Male Lead, Short Length Series, University, Miniseries, Web Series ","Story focused on a college student, Ga Hee, struggling over romance and her low self esteem.",7.3,42,8,"['Lee Ga Hee', 'Jeon Gun Woong', 'Lee Chung Gon', 'Han Sung Hee']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
2340,Cha Ta Gong In,https://mydramalist.com/79403-chata-gong-in,"Life,  Youth,  Drama","Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, Short Length Series, Fight For Justice, Discrimination, Injustice, Multiple Mains ","Hong Cha Yi tries to solve cases with her special abilities and dig up the truth, and tries to turn unfairness into fairness in her own way in a society where injustice as well as righteousness spread indiscriminately.(Source: HanCinema)",7.3,42,4,"['Kim Ji Young', 'Yoon Jun Won', 'Jung Jun Hwan', 'Cheon Sam', 'Choi Hui Seung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2341,Thank You Life,https://mydramalist.com/2827-thank-you-life,Romance,Unknown,"A successful professional woman, Han Yeon Kyung grew up in a poor family and had to earn her college tuition fees on her own. She is also a good mother to her two children and a good wife to her always-busy husband, a photojournalist. One day she runs into her first love, Lee In Seok, at a hospital that she visits for a medical checkup. Her passionate feelings toward In Seok rush back to her, but she also finds out that she has cancer.She faces a tough decision of whether to stay with her husband or choose In Seok, while also battling cancer. The series' characters look familiar and the plot appears to have many cliches at first glance, but the way the story unfolds stands out from other TV dramas. Unlike other series, in which cancer-stricken characters almost always die, this series shows its main character eventually win the battle with the disease. What also makes this series stand out is the scenes showing strong family ties, interesting episodes taking place in the hospital, and love stories of other characters.",7.3,14,24,"['Park Ye Jin', 'Kim Yoon Seok', 'Oh Ji Ho', 'Ban Hyo Jung', 'Yoo Ho Jung', 'Kim Yoo Suk']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,KBS2,Kim Sung Geun,Park Eun Ryeong
2342,Backflow,https://mydramalist.com/25767-reverse,"Romance,  Drama,  Family,  Melodrama","Hatred, Deception, Lying, Revenge ","“If I could go back in time, I would not fall in love with you...” People fall in love with one person but then marry another. The girlfriend of one brother is actually the past lover of the younger brother while the fiancée of the younger brother has a crush on the big brother. It was difficult for the younger brother to forget his ex-girlfriend who was now parading around as his brother’s girlfriend but he had to keep her out of his mind in order to get revenge and take back what was his. But most of all, it was about surviving and avoiding being murdered. So he finds himself maintaining his distance with his brother’s girlfriend and past lover but not too obvious because they could become in-laws. There is also the matter of carrying out his plot for revenge surreptitiously. “Reverse” is a psychological thriller that brings together four people entangled in a web of love and secrets.(Source: MBC)",7.3,15,119,"['Shin Da Eun', 'Lee Jae Hwang', 'Kim  Hae In', 'Seo Do Young', 'Lee Eung Kyung', 'Ji Eun Sung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Bae Han Chul,  Kim Mi Sook",Seo Shin Hye
2343,One Million Roses,https://mydramalist.com/2809-one-million-roses,"Drama,  Melodrama",Unknown,"Hyeon Gyu and Min Jae have different surnames through their parents' remarriage. Hyeon Gyu, who returns to Korea after 3 years, purposely makes a romantic overture to Hye Ran with whom Min Jae is interested. By this, Hyeon Gyu, who was hurt by his father remarrying Min Jae's mother, attempts to exact revenge from Min Jae.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.3,18,173,"['Son Tae Young', 'Lee Chang Hoon', 'Kim Seung Soo', 'Yoon Hae Young', 'Youn Yuh Jung', 'Ji Soo Won']",Not Yet Rated,KBS1,Unknown,Unknown
2344,Miracle Girl,https://mydramalist.com/53141-miracle-girl,"Adventure,  Mystery,  Fantasy","Fantasy World, Web Series, Snowy Setting, Short Length Series, Miniseries, Investigation, Friendship ","When the Snow Queen takes Nam Ji Seob with her so that he can be the ice prince, the only way Seo Ga Eun, Nam Ji Seob's childhood friend and a webtoon writer in seclusion, can save him is by finding 7 memories in time. It's just like finding 7 pieces of the puzzle. So with the help of the doll knight, she tries to save Ji Seob. In this adventure, Ga Eun encounters Fairies, Yeti, Snow Queen and many interesting Korean retro characters.",7.3,28,6,"['Choi Moon Hee', 'Yoo Jun', 'Kang Yul', 'Oh Yun Gun']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Unknown,Unknown
2345,The Ordinary Life of Ms. 'O'!,https://mydramalist.com/32493-the-ordinary-life-of-ms-o,"Comedy,  Life","Blind Date, Miniseries, Web Series, Office Worker Female Lead, Short Length Series, Clingy Ex-boyfriend, Ex-Boyfriend Comes Back, Nice Female Lead, Smart Female Lead, Jealousy ",Heart-flattering stories of singles in their 30s.(Source: 72secs TV),7.3,46,8,"['Lee Chae Eun', 'Shin Soo Oh', 'Coffee Boy', 'Jeon Yeo Jin', 'Jang Se Won', 'Im Chul Soo']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2346,Happy Ending,https://mydramalist.com/4287-happy-ending,"Drama,  Family",Unknown,"Doo Soo is a hotblooded local news reporter and a family man. Having lived his life for his family, he believed that he had been a good husband and father. Yet, the truth is that he was a tyrant at home, and due to his busy schedule, he had been unable to communicate with his family. Doo Soo’s wife Seon Ah is a sensitive woman. Although she resents Doosu’s authoritarian behavior, she had depended on him in many ways. The two have three children: the feisty housewife Geum Ha, the shrewd Eun Ha, and one son, Dong Ha—a model student who now wants to be a singer. As such, there is never a moment of peace in the family. One day, Doo Soo receives shocking news. Cancer has spread throughout his body, and he has only 6 months to live. He despairs at this new reality but is more concerned about his family who depends upon him. As Doo Soo battles cancer, the strong-willed and independent family members struggle to understand each other, mend each other’s wounds, and prepare for the departure of their beloved patriarch.(Source: JTBC)",7.3,130,24,"['Kim So Eun', 'So Yoo Jin', 'Choi Min Soo', 'Shim Hye Jin', 'Park Jung Chul', 'Choi Bool Am']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,jTBC,Unknown,Unknown
2347,Golden Fish,https://mydramalist.com/1508-golden-fish,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Stepsisters' Relationship, Self-sacrifice, Greed, Forbidden Love, Pseudo Incest, Soap Opera, Family Relationship, Step-siblings Love ","The drama tells the story of Lee Tae Young, who falls in love with his stepsister, Han Ji Min. Their pure but forbidden love is further tested by the interventions of those around them, all of whom are driven by their own selfish motivations.",7.3,57,133,"['Park Sang Won', 'Lee Tae Gon', 'Jo Yoon Hee', 'So Yoo Jin', 'Kang Samuel', 'Lee Il Hwa']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,"Joo Sung Woo,  Oh Hyun Chang",Jo Eun Jung
2348,Happy Together,https://mydramalist.com/3450-happy-together,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Counselor Male Lead, Athlete Male Lead, Long Lost Sibling, Family Reunion, Multiple Mains, Multiple Couples, Family ","The love, conflicts, and reunions of 5 siblings. A drama about 5 children who were separated at the death of their parents. They meet again as adults and have all gone their separate ways. Tae Poong, a minor league ball player, meets his half-brother Ji Suk who has become a counselor. The process of the thawing of their relationship through conflicts and twisted love leaves a deep impression.",7.3,157,16,"['Lee Byung Hun', 'Song Seung Heon', 'Kim Ha Neul', 'Jun Ji Hyun', 'Kang Sung Yun', 'Jo Min Soo']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Oh Jong Rok,Bae Yoo Mi
2349,Love Is All Around,https://mydramalist.com/5861-love-is-all-around,"Romance,  Life,  Youth,  Drama","School Setting, Family Relationship, Student, First Love ","Everyone has first love and this love doesn’t always have a happy ending. Even to Jin Bo Ra comes this first love and an unbearable crisis as well. The guy she loves with all of her heart turns out to be the son of her mother’s boyfriend. She didn’t know the end of her love would come so soon. Neither did she express her love as much as she could. She never knew that if you lose that opportunity and that moment, love just melts away like ice cream.",7.3,21,27,"['Jang Na Ra', 'Yeon Jung Hoon', 'Kim Mi Sook', 'Lee Doo Il', 'Jung Young Sook', 'Lee Hyo Jung']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Lee Joo Hwan,Park Ji Hyun
2350,Sweet 20,https://mydramalist.com/13390-sweet-20,"Romance,  Youth","Beauty, Web Series, School Setting, Short Length Series, University, Miniseries, Student ",Mini beauty drama.,7.3,149,10,"['Hwang Seung Eon', 'Lee Yoo Jin', 'Shin Ji Hoon', 'Ahn Hyeon Bin', 'Kong La Hee']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
2351,Lotus Flower Fairy,https://mydramalist.com/5859-lotus-flower-fairy,Romance,Unknown,"This drama talks about what ‘fate’ is, and twists and turns of life and the beauty of love and sacrifice through those who strive to overcome that ‘fate.’Cho Won, brought up in a not so well off but lovely family, meek and amiable, is engaged after a quite short period of dating to Jung Soo, the son of Hang Ja Joo who has just returned to Korea after studying abroad, thanks to the two families’ intimate relationship, Slowly shamanic spirit approaches Cho Won, who, as a beautiful and talented graduate student, is awaiting a rosy future of marriage life with a smart bridegroom from a rich family.",7.3,14,174,"['Lee Joo Hyun', 'Lee Da Hae', 'Lee Young Ha', 'Kim Byung Gi', 'Shin Eun Jung', 'Kim Yong Rim']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Unknown,Im Sung Han
2352,Wuri's Family,https://mydramalist.com/7279-wuris-family,"Romance,  Youth,  Drama,  Family","School Setting, Muteness, Disability, Friendship ","The story is mainly based on a love triangle between Wu Ri, Da Eun and Tae Hee. However, it also covers the issue of family and friendship.The story is about two childhood best friends, Tae Hee and Wu Ri who have known each other since they were kids. Tae Hee secretly falls in love with Wu Ri. However, Wu Ri has always thought of her as his best friend and his love is only for a girl that he likes most as the first time he saw her namely Da Eun, a deaf and mute girl in university. Unfortunately, Tae Hee was extremely upset and the mother of Wu Ri's family was absolutely against the relationship between the two.(Source: Wikipedia)",7.3,47,20,"['Kim Hyo Jin', 'Kim Jae Won', 'Fueki Yuko', 'Kim Rae Won', 'Park Won Sook', 'Sa Mi Ja']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Lee Chang Han,Unknown
2353,Sunflower,https://mydramalist.com/3832-sunflower,"Drama,  Medical",Unknown,Story about neurosurgeons in a busy hospital.,7.3,19,16,"['Kim Hee Sun', 'Han Jae Suk', 'Ahn Jae Wook', 'Chu Sang Mi', 'Choi Kang Hee', 'Jun In Taek']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Lee Jin Suk,In Jung Ok
2354,"Tae Hee, Hye Kyo, Ji Hyun",https://mydramalist.com/5888-tae-hee-hye-kyo-ji-hyun,Romance,"Family, Friendship ","The series is described as taking a cheerful look at the lives of its female leads, their families, and friends.",7.3,16,133,"['Park Mi Sun', 'Jung Sun Kyung', 'Hyun Woo', 'Kim Hee Jung', 'Min Joon Hyun', 'Kim Gook Jin']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Unknown,"Han Sul Hee,  Hong Bo Hee,  Kim Hyeon Hee"
2355,TV Novel,https://mydramalist.com/19640-tv-novel-that-sun-in-the-sky,"Romance,  Drama,  Family,  Melodrama","Entertainment Industry, Soap Opera, 1970s, Post-traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD), Actress Female Lead, Age Gap [Drama Life], Age Gap [Real Life], Manipulative Supporting Character, Playwright, Manipulative Female Villain ",A girl from the 1970s countryside overcomes all obstacles and becomes Korea's best actress.,7.3,29,121,"['Yoon Ah Jung', 'Lee Min Woo', 'Noh Young Hak', 'Kim Hye Ji', 'Lee Il Min', 'An So Jin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Kim Shin Il,"Kim Ji Wan,  Lee Jin Suk"
2356,Soul Driver,https://mydramalist.com/63091-soul-driver,"Mystery,  Fantasy","Investigation, Grim Reaper Male Lead, Short Length Series, Miniseries, Death, Web Series ","The Soul Driver's job isn't exactly enviable: he's tasked with taking souls to the afterlife in his taxi. One day, he visits an old man who asks him to find his brother whom he became separated from when he was young. However, the Soul Driver fate is about to change, he's soon put under a disciplinary measure thanks to his negligence on the job, and he undertakes the impossible task of finding all souls who are lost. The Soul Driver finds a restaurant where lost souls are treated to a warm and nice meal before going to the afterlife. He learns that the owner can see the souls and asks him for help. The restaurant owner also asks him for a favor: to help him meet with his mom who died a long time ago. Find out how the Soul Driver and the restaurant owner struggle to help each other on this journey between life and what comes after.(Source: HanCinema)",7.3,18,5,"['Cha Rae Hyung', 'Yang Hak Jin', 'Han Ji Hyun', 'Yoon Sung Won', 'Jung Ji Hoon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2357,Farming Academy Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/40119-farming-academy-season-2,"Romance,  Life,  Youth","Student Supporting Character, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Agriculture Industry, Countryside Setting, Young Adult Female Lead, Young Adult Male Lead, Farming, University ","""Farmer's Academy"" dealt with the leading characters as new students at South Korea's only national university dedicated to farm work. The second season will deal with them in their third year as they are approaching graduation and careers as farmers.",7.3,88,4,"['Lee Tae Hwan', 'Yoon Bo Mi', 'Lee Min Ji', 'Lee Jung Sic', 'Lee Jong Won', 'Jang Joon Hyun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Unknown,Unknown
2358,Punch,https://mydramalist.com/1005-punch,"Romance,  Drama,  Sports",Boxing ,"A tragic union of a man and a woman in a world where fist comes before the law, they choose love before fist to find hope in their future... Punch! Yoo Bin loses her only family, her brother, Yoo Cheol, from a boxing match, and is left alone in the world. She lives a difficult life but an opportunity to become a female boxer makes her a grown woman. Boxer by day and nightclub solicitor by night. But, Han Sae is a very fast and skilled fighter. Even when Han Sae knows that Yoo Bin is Yoo Cheol's sister, he is attracted to her by her fresh image.",7.3,165,16,"['Joo Jin Mo', 'Shin Min Ah', 'Sung Shi Kyung', 'Jo Hye Ryun', 'Kim Bin Woo', 'Yang Taek Jo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Lee Hyun Jik,Unknown
2359,Oh! Dear Half-Basement Goddesses,https://mydramalist.com/25480-oh-dear-half-basement-goddesses,"Comedy,  Drama,  Fantasy,  Supernatural","Miniseries, Web Series, Multiple Mains ","“Oh! Dear Half-Basement Goddesses” will tell the story of four Greek goddesses who come to Korea to spread love and peace. However, they are faced with the reality of high rent and living costs in Seoul. Putting their grandiose dreams aside, they hide their true identities and live together in a half-basement apartment.",7.3,145,10,"['Ha Yeon Soo', 'Na Hae Ryung', 'Park So Jin', 'Cha Jung Won', 'Park Sung Woo', 'Baek Seung Hwan']",Not Yet Rated,On Style,Lee Rang,Hwang Gook Young
2360,TV Novel,https://mydramalist.com/6051-tv-novel-sam-saeng,"Romance,  Medical","Traditional Medicine, 1970s, Family ","In Seoul in the 1970s, a woman who almost died renamed herself Sam Saeng, becoming a herbal doctor and succeeding in her troubles.(Source: HanCinema)",7.3,69,120,"['Hong Ah Reum', 'Ji  Il Joo', 'Son Sung Yoon', 'Cha Do Jin', 'Jung Ji So', 'Kim Ji Min']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Kim Won Yong,Lee Eun Joo
2361,Victory For Tomorrow,https://mydramalist.com/15904-tomorrow-victory,"Romance,  Life,  Drama,  Family",Unknown,"The most fragrant of all perfumes in the world is said to be made from roses that grow in a deep, treacherous mountain in the Balkans and plucked during the coldest nights. Beautiful pearls are painfully taken from clams by cracking them open. Han Seung Ri finds her life spiraling out of control after her dad's death that ruins the family finances. The man she loved betrays her and she has a miscarriage not too long afterward. After hitting rock bottom, she climbs out of her misery to take over the family business that her dad ran and marches forward to reach her dreams. Hopeful that tomorrow will be better than yesterday, she endures the pain and anguish to reach an outcome that is sweeter due to the ordeal she had to overcome to attain it.(Source: MBC)",7.3,131,130,"['Jeon So Min', 'Song Won Geun', 'Choi Phillip', 'Yoo Ho Rin', 'Lee Eung Kyung', 'Jun In Taek']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Jung Ji In,Hong Seung Hee
2362,"Bad Woman, Good Woman",https://mydramalist.com/5844-bad-woman-good-woman,Drama,"Soap Opera, Infidelity ","Song Gun Woo has been living a double life with two women for the past six years. He is married to one woman, Sae Young, and the other woman is his mistress, Suh Kyung. Sae Young is a woman who gets very emotional and cries very easily when someone does great things or say sweet things to her. She wanted to have the perfect marriage, but her husaband and her had difficulty in making a child. She gets shocked after finding out that her husband has been living with another woman.",7.3,9,140,"['Lee Jae Ryong', 'Choi Jin Shil', 'Jeon Noh Min', 'Sung Hyun Ah', 'Baek Il Sub', 'Nam Yoon Jung']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,"Lee Dae Young,  Lee Dong Yoon",Lee Hong Goo
2363,TV Novel,https://mydramalist.com/1134-tv-novel-glory-of-youth,"Romance,  Youth",Family ,"A drama of people who want more than they can have. Several youths dream of having long lasting, eternal love.",7.3,18,75,"['Yoo Da In', 'Ahn Mi Na', 'Lee In', 'Choi Sang Hoon', 'Min Ji Hyun', 'Kim Eung Soo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS1,Lee Jin Seo,Choi Min Ki
2364,2021 Summer Drama Collage,https://mydramalist.com/702287-2021-summer-drama-collage-monster-mansion,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Horror,  Supernatural","Investigation, Suspense, Graphic Violence, Writer Male Lead, Mass Suicide, Serial Killings, Jump Scare, Spirit Possession, Haunted House, Fire Accident ",An anthology work that captures the strange and eerie real-life horror that happens while webtoon writer Ji Woo reports on the abandoned apartment Gwanglim Mansion.(Source: Korean = Naver || Translation = MyDramaList),7.3,73,8,"['Sung Joon', 'Kim Hong Pa', 'Kim Bo Ra', 'Lee Chang Hoon', 'Park So Jin', 'Lee Kwan Mok']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),Genie TV,Jo Ba Reun,Unknown
2365,Nonstop Season 6,https://mydramalist.com/1179-nonstop-6,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Sitcom","Family, Youth, Friendship ",This is another season of the Nonstop sitcom which shows the everyday life of students who live in a dorm.,7.3,73,243,"['Song Eun Chae', 'Lee Min Ki', 'Kim Hee Chul', 'Seo Jae Kyung', 'Kim Ki Bum', 'Im Eun Kyung']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,MBC,Unknown,Unknown
2366,Work & Love Balance,https://mydramalist.com/46625-work-love-balance,"Romance,  Life","Workplace Setting, Office Setting, Office Worker Female Lead, Office Worker Male Lead, Short Length Series, Workplace Romance, Miniseries, Web Series ",Unknown,7.3,8,3,"['Chae Ji An', 'Koo Ja Sung', 'Kim Hee Chan']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2367,Cannot Hate You,https://mydramalist.com/5489-cannot-hate-you,"Romance,  Drama",Family ,"After Yang Dong Hee is betrayed by her long time boyfriend who left her for a rich woman, she makes the decision to stop dating and only think of her son, Yang Chan.",7.3,30,129,"['Choi Phillip', 'Kim Yoon Kyung', 'Yoo Tae Woong', 'Lee Hye Eun', 'Lee In', 'Min Ji Young']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Kim Jung Min,Unknown
2368,Delicious Proposal,https://mydramalist.com/2290-delicious-proposal,"Food,  Comedy,  Romance",Unknown,"Hyo Dong, the son of a struggling Chinese restaurant owner, falls in love with Hee Ae, who, unbeknownst to Hyo Dong, is the daughter of a ruthless rival who is out to destroy his father's restaurant. Hyo Dong and Hee Ae are in the same cooking class as Shin Ae, a poor girl who dreams of owning a successful restaurant despite having a tough life.(Source: DramaWiki)",7.3,178,16,"['Son Ye Jin', 'Jung Joon', 'So Ji Sub', 'So Yoo Jin', 'Ji Sung', 'Kwon Sang Woo']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,MBC,Park Sung Soo,Kim In Young
2369,Near to You,https://mydramalist.com/1078-near-to-you,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Soap Opera, Family ",Unknown,7.3,7,164,"['Lee Ah Hyun', 'Park In Hwan', 'Yoon Hye Kyung', 'Im Chae Moo', 'Han Young Sook', 'Son Hyun Joo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Hong Chang Wook,Lee Hong Goo
2370,LOVE-Imong Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/69567-love-imong-2,"Romance,  Youth","Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Young Adult Female Lead, Young Adult Male Lead, Short Length Series, University, Miniseries, Web Series, Multiple Couples ",Unknown,7.3,7,7,"['Kim Bum Su', 'Yoo Byung Hoon']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2371,Farming Academy,https://mydramalist.com/31419-farming-academy,"Romance,  Life,  Youth","Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Agriculture Industry, Farm Setting, Countryside Setting, Young Adult Female Lead, Young Adult Male Lead, Farming, University ","Drama series depicts the dreams, passions and friendships of young people who dream of becoming farmers.Ha Joo Seok is in the 1st grade at a farming academy. He uses blunt language, but he is considerate of other people. Shin Yoo Jin is in the 1st grade at the same farming academy. She is smart and good at data analysis. Since she was little, she dreamed of becoming a farmer.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.3,160,4,"['Yoon Bo Mi', 'Lee Tae Hwan', 'Lee Min Ji', 'Lee Jung Sic', 'Park Han Deul', 'Jang Joon Hyun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Unknown,Unknown
2372,War of the Roses,https://mydramalist.com/5900-war-of-the-roses,"Romance,  Drama",Unknown,The drama examines Korean class differences as married couple Park Soo Chul and Oh Mi Young drifts apart.,7.3,10,23,"['Choi Jin Shil', 'Song Sun Mi', 'Ryu Jin', 'Choi Soo Jong', 'Lee In', 'Song Jae Ho']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Lee Chang Soon,Kim Sun Young
2373,Mr. Duke,https://mydramalist.com/2821-mr.-duke,"Comedy,  Romance","Rich Woman/Poor Man, Contract Relationship ","Soo Jin is the beautiful daughter of a rich enterprise owner, President Jang. She was tricked into returning to Seoul from studying abroad as her father wanted her to get married. Soo Jin couldn't stand her father's matchmaking candidates and concocted a scheme with her secretary Park Ae Ja to hire someone pretending to have all the qualities that her father wanted. They ended up having Kim Yong Nam to be someone he was not; well educated, rich and sophisticated. But in reality, he is a water bottle delivery man and is neither rich nor educated. The only thing he has is a good heart.",7.3,117,16,"['Choi Ji Woo', 'Kim Seung Woo', 'Choi Ran', 'Lee Soon Jae', 'Choi Jung Yoon', 'Park Young Gyu']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,"Lee Joo Hwan,  Lee Chang Soon",Kim Sun Young
2374,The Scarlet Letter,https://mydramalist.com/5893-the-scarlet-letter-2010,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Classmates' Relationship, Prison Setting, Screenwriter Female Lead, Actress Female Lead, Hardship, Secret Crush, Meet Again, Soap Opera, Death, Abortion ",Four people paying the consequences for a love that went wrong. One woman endures poverty and a guilty conscience while the other woman plots revenge after her career takes off. Then a twisted fate brings the two women back together. Four people stained by adulterous affairs.,7.3,19,165,"['Lee Seung Yeon', 'Kim Yun Joo', 'Kim Young Ho', 'Jo Yeon Woo', 'Kim Hye Ok', 'Kim Na Woon']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Lee Min Soo,Kim Ji Soo
2375,Lululala Pawn Shop,https://mydramalist.com/65557-lululala-pawn-shop,"Comedy,  Fantasy","Miniseries, Web Series ",Unknown,7.3,11,7,"['Hong Ji Yoon', 'Moon Ji Hoo', 'Oh Jin Seok']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Park So Jin,Unknown
2376,"My Lawyer, Mr. Jo 2",https://mydramalist.com/21696-my-lawyer-mr.-jo-2,"Mystery,  Comedy,  Law,  Drama","Lawyer Male Lead, Haechoolring, Adapted From A Webtoon, Investigation ","The story of Deul Ho continues, about a once prosecutor turned lawyer who is currently unemployed. After a legal battle, his license is revoked for a short time, and he leaves the law for some peace of mind. Unbeknownst to him, he will not be left in peace.~~ Based on the original webtoon “Dongnebyunhosa Jodeulho / 동네변호사 조들호” by Hatchling.(Source: HanCinema)",7.3,167,40,"['Park Shin Yang', 'Go Hyun Jung', 'Lee Min Ji', 'Byun Hee Bong', 'Choi Seung Kyung', 'Jo Dal Hwan']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Han Sang Woo,Choi Wan Kyu
2377,Unstoppable Marriage,https://mydramalist.com/1227-unstoppable-marriage-2007,"Comedy,  Romance",Family ,"Madama Shim has four sons. Their names are Ki Baek, Lee Baek, Sam Baek, and Sa Baek. Madam Shim's eldest son, Ki Baek, falls in love with Goo Mi Ho, the daughter of her enemy, Goo Gook. Wang Sam Baek is the third son of Madam Shim. He becomes friends with Chae Soo Jung. His older brother Lee Baek falls in love with Soo Jung, a beautiful twenty-three-year-old hotel management student who studies at his mother's hotel. Things get complicated as Sam Baek finds himself falling for Soo Jung as well. Soo Young and Yu Ri both like the fourth son of Madam Shim, Sa Baek. But Sa Baek doesn't return their feelings and tries to ignore them at all costs.(Source: DramaWiki)",7.3,145,140,"['Seo Do Young', 'Jung Da Young', 'Kim Soo Mi', 'Park Chae Kyung', 'Kim Hye Na', 'Choi Soo Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Unknown,Bang Bong Won
2378,The Boss,https://mydramalist.com/6512-the-boss,Unknown,Unknown,"From the colonial period to the Park Chung Hee military regime this drama covers many crucial events of Korean history from the view of a gang of beggars. The story is about real-life figure Kim Ch'un Sam, a South Korean politician and army veteran who was given the nickname king of beggars (거지왕) as he was a beggar and gangster when he was young. Kim Doo Han, another politician who was a gangster, also appears as a character (more on him in the drama ""rustic period""). Some facts might have been exaggerated and changed so it is not a truly accurate documentary of historic events. In the drama, Kim Ch'un Sam joins a group of beggars as a kid and later becomes the leader of his own street gang in Seoul. He tries to protect his gang from the aggressions of the police and help his friend Kim Doo Han in gang fights. He falls in love with a young musician/actress. When the Korean War breaks out he goes to fight with his gang for the south.",7.3,5,28,"['Cha In Pyo', 'Song Yoon Ah', 'Kim Nam Joo', 'Lee Hoon', 'Park Chul', 'Heo Joon Ho']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Unknown,Unknown
2379,Ugly Miss Young Ae Season 16,https://mydramalist.com/26210-ugly-miss-young-ae-season-16,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life",Unknown,Unknown,7.3,8,16,"['Kim Hyun Sook', 'Lee Seung Joon', 'Lee Seung Joon', 'Lee Kyu Han', 'Ra Mi Ran', 'Son Soo Hyun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Jung Hyung Geon,Han Sul Hee
2380,Ugly Miss Young Ae Season 15,https://mydramalist.com/20822-ugly-miss-young-ae-season-15,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life",Unknown,Drama series depicts the life and love of 39-year-old Young Ae.,7.3,13,20,"['Kim Hyun Sook', 'Lee Seung Joon', 'Jo Duk Je', 'Kwak Jin', 'Lee Soo Min', 'Sazal Kim']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Han Sang Jae,Baek Ji Hyun
2381,Kim Is a Genius,https://mydramalist.com/31937-kim-seul-gi-genius,"Drama,  Fantasy","Miniseries, Web Series ",“Kim Is a Genius” is about the strange things that happen when a viral marketing company starts using a make-believe app.,7.3,15,10,"['Yoo Young Jae', 'Park Soo Young', 'Jung Sung Ho', 'Choi Moon Hee']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,jTBC,Unknown,Unknown
2382,Riding Dongdang,https://mydramalist.com/743963-riding-dongdang,"Comedy,  Youth,  Sports","Short Length Series, Cycling, Miniseries, Web Series, Coming Of Age ",Unknown,7.3,17,6,"['Kim Da Ye', 'Jo Ki Sung', 'Lee Chung Gon', 'Bang Yoo In', 'Kwon Hyuk Sung']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2383,Jang Hee Bin,https://mydramalist.com/12182-jang-hee-bin,"Historical,  Drama",Harem ,"A drama depicting the life of Jang Hee Bin, who raised up as a royal concubine in the midst of political struggle during the reign of King Sukjong (Joseon).(Source: DramaWiki)",7.3,8,63,"['Jung Sun Kyung', 'Kim Won Hee', 'Im Ho', 'Sa Mi Ja', 'Kyeon Mi Ri', 'Jang  Hye Sook']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Lee Jong Soo,Unknown
2384,Writing Down,https://mydramalist.com/717793-writing-down,Drama,Short Length Series ,Unknown,7.3,4,35,['Kim Hye Ju'],Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2385,To Be Honest,https://mydramalist.com/755079-to-be-honest,"Youth,  Drama","Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series ","Don't you have those days where the whole universe seems to be against you? For example, when you're called on in class, or you get your period right before your exams begin, or when you're talking to someone your really like but have an eye booger. But perhaps it's more that I didn't want my life to be so smooth-sailing. Why did my life turn out this way? To be honest, I want to go home.(Source: 콬TV Youtube)",7.1,7,3,"['Baek Hyo Won', 'Park Jun Mook', 'Park Seo Kyung']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2386,Daily Moon's,https://mydramalist.com/78653-daily-moon-s,"Romance,  Youth,  Drama,  Fantasy","School Setting, Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series, Student, Friendship ","'Daily Moons', a web drama about the stories of youth unfolding in the 'Cafe Daily Moons' that grants wishes. Kang Ji Hoon is a man who lives with regret after committing school violence because jealousy was blind in the play. (Source: NBN News)",7.3,66,9,['Jeong Ye Seo'],13+ - Teens 13 or older,Unknown,Han Da Weon,Unknown
2387,Home Sweet Home,https://mydramalist.com/901-home-sweet-home-2010,"Mystery,  Drama,  Melodrama","Death Of A Husband, Widow Female Lead, Married Life, Friends Love Same Man, Loser Male Lead, Loser Husband, Friends To Enemies, Inferiority Complex, Infidelity, Death ","Kim Jin Seo and Mo Yoon Hee are high school classmates and rivals whose different family backgrounds shaped their characters and their paths towards love and success in adulthood. Jin Seo develops a warm and cheerful personality as well as superior intellectual ability, while Yoon Hee becomes a beautiful woman with fatal charm. Both women love Lee Sang Hyun, an extremely kind but indecisive man who used to date Yoon Hee but later married Jin Seo. When Yoon Hee's husband, Sung Eun Pil, dies under suspicious circumstances, Jin Seo finds herself becoming involved in the investigation. The process is complicated when the young homicide detective Kang Shin Woo becomes romantically interested in Jin Seo.",7.3,134,16,"['Kim Hye Soo', 'Hwang Shin Hye', 'Shin Sung Woo', 'Lee Sang Yoon', 'Youn Yuh Jung', 'Kim Gab Soo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Oh Kyung Hoon,  Lee Sung Joon",Yoo Hyun Mi
2388,"Hello, Franceska Season 2",https://mydramalist.com/1140-hello-franceska-2,"Comedy,  Supernatural,  Sitcom","Vampire Fiction, Family ",Unknown,7.3,35,14,"['Shim Hye Jin', 'Lee Doo Il', 'Jung Ryeo Won', 'Lee Kyun', 'Park Seul Ki', 'Park Hee Jin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Noh Do Cheol,Unknown
2389,"Drink, Sing and Dance",https://mydramalist.com/35693-drink-sing-and-dance,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth","Short Length Series, Superior/Subordinate Relationship, Naive Male Lead, Teamwork, Eccentric Female Lead, Steamy Kiss, Miniseries, Older Woman/Younger Man, Web Series, Friendship ","This romantic comedy is about Yoo Kam Woo, who can only drink about two sips of beer, and Do Eum Joo, an extreme alcohol enthusiast.",7.3,32,10,"['Cho Byeong Kyu', 'Kim Yoon']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
2390,The Invisible Man,https://mydramalist.com/5448-the-invisible-man,Drama,"Neurological Disorder, Tearjerker, Alzheimer's Disease ","An Alzheimer’s stricken detective, Choi Jang Soo, decides to do his best to make his family happy after he learns that he has little time left to live. Oh So Young and Choi Jang Soo depict a true-to-life story of a married couple. The couple goes through a challenging time when fund manager Huh Jun Ho, who has loved So Young for a long time, and ex-criminal Jo Hyun Soo, who loves Jang Soo, appear in their lives. The drama depicts the everyday reality of fathers who have no other choice but to neglect their families to earn a living and mothers who turn into stouthearted ""warriors"" who can do anything for the sake of their families. (Source: KBS Global Marketing)",7.3,10,16,"['Jo Yeon Woo', 'Jung Ho Geun', 'Choi Yong Min', 'Kim Seung Wook', 'Yoo Oh Sung', 'Yoon Joo Sang']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Unknown,Park Kye Ok
2391,TV Novel,https://mydramalist.com/16873-tv-novel-my-minds-flower-rain,"Romance,  Life,  Drama,  Melodrama","Hardworking Female Lead, Revenge, Multiple Couples, Family ","A story of a bright young girl who lost her family during the Korean War and grew up experiencing the rapid change of the Korean society in the 1970s. The story of dream, love, loss, forgiveness, and reconciliation between two generations of characters who lived through the tumultuous period of 1st and 2nd Korean War, from the 1950s to 1970s.",7.3,47,128,"['Na Hae Ryung', 'Lee Chang Wook', 'Jung Yi Yeon', 'Ji Eun Sung', 'Kim Myung Soo', 'Park Hyung Joon']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Uh Soo Sun,"Han Hee Jung,  Moon Young Hoon"
2392,Daughter in Law,https://mydramalist.com/3828-daughter-in-law,Romance,Family ,"When the old daughter-in-law meets the new daughter-in-law, she discovers how really bad her married life truly is.",7.2,9,131,"['Moon Jung Hee', 'Jung Chan', 'Lee Jong Soo', 'Kim Yun Joo', 'Uhm Yoo Shin', 'Choi Jong Won']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Hong Sung Chang,Kim Young In
2393,My Son-In-Law's Woman,https://mydramalist.com/15955-my-son-in-laws-woman,"Romance,  Drama,  Family,  Melodrama","Nice Female Lead, Soap Opera, Possessive Male Lead, Multiple Couples, Nice Male Lead ","Lee Jin Sook is a speaker on family happiness. However, she has a sad past. Years ago, she was kicked out of the house by her mother-in-law and was forced to be separated from her newborn daughter. She remarried, and when her second husband died 5 years later, she brought up her two young stepdaughters like her own. She was against the marriage when her youngest stepdaughter Oh Yeong Chae wanted to marry Kim Hyeon Tae, a rookie boxer and an orphan, but she relented. When Yeong Chae, who was involved in a hit-and-run accident, died after giving birth to a son, Jin Sook blamed and hated her son-in-law.After Yeong Chae's death, Hyeon Tae and his son stayed together with Jin Sook and treated her like his mother. When she saw how Hyeon Tae took care of his son, her attitude towards him changed. Now she treats Hyeon Tae like her real son.One day, Hyeon Tae falls in love with a woman named Park Soo Kyeong. Jin Sook, who is unhappy with Soo Kyeong, finds out that Soo Kyeong is her real daughter. Although she is eager to reunite with Soo Kyeong, she is in a dilemma as Soo Kyeong hates her birth mother for abandoning her. Hyeon Tae finally marries Soo Kyeong, but it also causes conflicts.(Source: Wikipedia)",7.2,163,120,"['Seo Ha Joon', 'Yang  Jin Sung', 'Park Soon Chun', 'Jang Seung Jo', 'Gil Yong Woo', 'Lee Sang Ah']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Ahn Gil Ho,Ahn Seo Jung
2394,The Scale of Providence,https://mydramalist.com/1222-the-scale-of-providence,"Mystery,  Romance,  Melodrama","Brothers' Relationship, Revenge, Investigation ","Jang Joon Ha is a man out for vengeance. In one day, Joon Ha lost the two most important people in his life. His brother, Young Ha, was wrongly convicted of a crime that he did not commit. The woman that he loved was murdered and his brother was the prime suspect. Joon Ha, an attorney, sets out to prove that someone else committed the crime.",7.2,77,16,"['Lee Sang Yoon', 'Song Chang Eui', 'Jeon Hye Bin', 'Kim Yoo Mi', 'Maeng Sang Hoon', 'Song Young Kyu']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Hong Chang Wook,Yoo Hyun Mi
2395,Wife,https://mydramalist.com/2485-wife,Drama,Family ,"Han Sang Jin is married to Kim Na Young and they have a 7 year old daughter, Min Joo. They live with his mom, younger brother, younger sister, and sister's daughter. One day, Sang Jin vanishes while on a business trip. He remains missing for over 7 years until one day he is spotted by his college friend, Nam Hyun Pil, at a ski resort. Min Joo, now 15, sees him as well but she just thinks he looks like her dad. Hyun Pil begins digging and finds out that the man is called Min Young Tae. Young Tae is married to Hyun Ja and they have a 3 year old son, Ung Pyo. Hyun Ja doesn't care about that all she knows is that he's her husband and the father of her child. Hyun Pil makes the hard decision to tell the truth to Na Young, to whom he's just proposed. The question is now which man will he live as, Han Sang Jin or Min Young Tae, since each man has a different wife.",7.2,11,52,"['Yoo Dong Geun', 'Jung Eun Pyo', 'Lee Yoo Ri', 'Song Chae Hwan', 'Heo Yoon Jung', 'Lee Byung Joon']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Kim Won Yong,Jung Ha Yeon
2396,Bio Homme,https://mydramalist.com/684113-bio-homme,"Psychological,  Life,  Drama","Educational, Plants, Group Therapy, Gardening, Healing, Unwanted Pregnancy, Anger Management Issues, Alcoholism, Psychology, Unexpected Pregnancy ",Talks about the healing period of agricultural horticulture therapy. Oh Won Ye a horticultural therapist called Leon meets Shin Bo Eun a regional officer who is diligent in duty to give him land.(Source: LetFilm Instagram),7.2,60,8,"['Ahn Da Bi', 'Ji Ho Sung', 'Lee Won Jung', 'Shin Woo Chul', 'Choe Ri Ra', 'Chu Yi Hwa']",Not Yet Rated,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Unknown,Unknown
2397,Out of this World Girlfriend,https://mydramalist.com/743965-out-of-this-world-girlfriend,"Thriller,  Comedy,  Youth,  Sci-Fi","Student Male Lead, School Setting, Teenager Male Lead, Short Length Series, Miniseries, High School, Artificial Intelligence, Web Series, Romance, Suspense ","A suspenseful comedy-drama about 3 unpopular kids in school, that find a cell phone in the hallway with a virtual reality girlfriend A.I. Seo Yeol starts ""dating"" the A.I. and just before the school bullies expose his fake girlfriend, she appears in real life at school and calls him her boyfriend.(Source: ssofft at MyDramaList)",7.2,57,2,"['Kim Sang Woo', 'Miso']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2398,Big Heat,https://mydramalist.com/5840-big-heat,"Music,  Drama",Unknown,"Big Heat is a rookie idol group comprised of four youngsters who have all suffered various grievances at the hands of society, but have managed to find the determination to transcend this to achieve their dreams. This drama tells the story of their road to fame and delves into controversial issues in the entertainment industry.",7.2,29,13,"['Park Sung Woong', 'Kim Joo Young', 'Lee Joo Hyun', 'Ri Woo Jin', 'Oh Song', 'Jo Sung Woo']",Not Yet Rated,DRAMAcube,Park Chan Yool,Unknown
2399,Yeonnamdong 539,https://mydramalist.com/26696-yeonnamdong-539,"Comedy,  Life","Share House Setting, Housemates' Relationship, Friendship ","Drama series follows various people who live at a share house in Yeonnam-dong, Seoul, South Korea.",7.2,19,12,"['Lee Jong Hyuk', 'Oh Yoon Ah', 'Brian Joo', 'Yang Jung Won', 'Choi Woo Hyeok', 'Go Woo Ri']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,MBN,Unknown,Unknown
2400,A Bird That Doesn't Sing,https://mydramalist.com/13936-a-bird-that-doesnt-sing,"Romance,  Drama,  Family,  Melodrama","Wrongfully Accused, Soap Opera, Revenge, Riches To Rags ",A 10 billion won insurance murder case causes Oh Ha Naui to lose everything. She sets out to take revenge upon Chun Mi Ja who caused her misfortune.,7.2,85,100,"['Oh Hyun Kyung', 'Hong Ah Reum', 'Kang Ji Sub', 'Kim Yoo Suk', 'Ahn Jae Min', 'Baek Seung Hee']",Not Yet Rated,tvN,Kim Pyung Joong,Yeo Jeong Mi
2401,All the Love in the World,https://mydramalist.com/24960-all-the-love-in-the-world,"Romance,  Life","Miniseries, Web Series, Short Length Series ","""All Love in the World"" is a realistic yet fresh and comic depiction of the romance of various young couples nowadays. The webdrama is divided into three seasons, each one is focused on one couple with their own problems.Season 1 follows the story of a couple who started as a college campus couple but who encounters problems because of their age difference.",7.2,25,5,"['Shin  Won Ho', 'Yang  Jin Sung']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
2402,Ugly Miss Young Ae,https://mydramalist.com/13183-ugly-miss-young-ae-season-1,"Comedy,  Romance","Workplace Setting, Harassment, Prejudice, Social Issues ","A drama about a fat single woman Young Ae, and the stress and prejudice she goes through with her seniors at work, co-workers, and overtime.",7.2,7,16,"['Kim Hyun Sook', 'Choi Won Joon', 'Yoo Hyung Kwan', 'Yoon Seo Hyun', 'Go Se Won', 'Kim Jung Ha']",Not Yet Rated,tvN,"Park Joon Hwa,  Jung Hwan Suk",Han Sul Hee
2403,Ugly Miss Young Ae Season 4,https://mydramalist.com/13193-ugly-miss-young-ae-season-4,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Drama",Family ,Unknown,7.2,7,16,"['Kim Hyun Sook', 'Choi Won Joon', 'Jung Da Hye', 'Yoo Hyung Kwan', 'Song Min Hyung', 'Im Seo Yeon']",Not Yet Rated,tvN,"Park Joon Hwa,  Jung Hwan Suk,  Choi Kyu Shik",Han Sul Hee
2404,Mr. Hashtag Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/32492-mr-hashtag-season-2,"Comedy,  Life,  Youth","Miniseries, Web Series, Student Supporting Character, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Young Adult Male Lead, Short Length Series, University ",Unknown,7.2,19,8,"['Seo Byuk Joon', 'Im Tu Cheol']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2405,People of the Water Flower Village,https://mydramalist.com/2756-people-of-the-water-flower-village,Life,"Village Setting, Family, Friendship ",A warm-hearted family drama about the people of a small rural village located in the outskirts of Seoul. The various relationships of the neighborhood people circle around the head doctor of the local clinic. The story brings up the importance of family and friends which is easily taken for granted for in modern society.(Source: DramaWiki),7.2,33,26,"['Lee Bo Young', 'Song Il Gook', 'Kang Nam Gil', 'Maeng Sang Hoon', 'Hong Choong Min', 'Jung Seung Ho']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Unknown,Unknown
2406,Working Mom,https://mydramalist.com/1540-working-mom,Romance,"Family Relationship, Older Woman/Younger Man ","The drama is about a business woman turned housewife, Choi Ga Young. She used to be a successful business woman but that was until she got pregnant with her younger boyfriend's baby. Now she is married to Park Jae Sung and they have two sons together. In hopes of having her children well provided for, she tries to find somebody for her father so that he could remarry. The only trouble is her stepmother refuses to babysit her children while she goes back to work and to add onto her problems, her husband is secretly seeing his colleague.",7.2,15,16,"['Yeom Jung Ah', 'Bong Tae Kyu', 'Yoon Joo Sang', 'Kim Ji Young', 'Ha Jae Young', 'Jung Suk Won']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Oh Jong Rok,Kim Hyeon Hee
2407,The Secret House,https://mydramalist.com/719349-secret-house,"Thriller,  Romance,  Drama","Lawyer Male Lead, Death Of A Sister, Death Of A Mother, Prosecutor Male Lead, Doctor Female Lead, Raised By Uncle, Missing Mother, Evil Female Lead, Single Father, Bright Female Lead ","A lawyer who is chasing traces of his missing mother walks into the secret surrounding him in order to fight the world. Woo Ji Hwan is a lawyer who has a secret he needs to hide in front of his family’s misfortune. Woo Ji Hwan’s first love is surgeon Baek Joo Hong. Nam Tae Hyung is a conceited prosecutor who has perfect life conditions such as money, skills, and family.(Source: Soompi || Edited by MyDramaList)",7.2,156,124,"['Seo Ha Joon', 'Lee Young Eun', 'Jung Heon', 'Kang  Byul', 'Lee Seung Yeon', 'Yoon Ah Jung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Lee Min Soo,Won Young Ok
2408,Let's Get Married,https://mydramalist.com/2829-lets-get-married,"Romance,  Life,  Drama",Family ,"Na Young is a thirty-something-year-old woman who gives in to familial pressure to get married. She enters a matchmaking service in a desperate attempt to find a husband. Meanwhile, Jae Won is a man fast-approaching forty with no money to his name. He, too, submits his name to the matchmaking service and by happenstance, the unlikely couple are paired together and married.",7.2,31,51,"['Kang Sung Yun', 'Lee So Yeon', 'Yoon Da Hoon', 'Bae Soo Bin', 'Geum Bo Ra', 'Kim Yong Gun']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,"Kang Dae Sun,  Choi Yi Sup",Kim Ji Eun
2409,Wild Guys,https://mydramalist.com/39441-wild-guys,"Comedy,  Romance,  Supernatural,  Sitcom","Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Young Adult Female Lead, Young Adult Male Lead, Short Length Series, Supernatural Power, University, Multiple Mains, Miniseries ",A sitcom that takes place in 'Amazing' a magical club in a university with members that have superpowers.,7.2,102,10,"['Do Won', 'So Ju Yeon', 'Jang Moon Bok', 'New Sun', 'Kim Ye Ji', 'Ki Tae Hwa']",Not Yet Rated,tvN,Unknown,Unknown
2410,Romance Bible,https://mydramalist.com/71135-the-law-of-web-drama,Romance,"Ex-couple Relationship, Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series ","A story of ex-lovers reuniting as a director and lead character of a webdrama. The main character who does not believe in love, writes a romance drama and various realistic things happen due to it.(Source: HanCinema)",7.2,46,8,"['Lee Jung Min', 'Oh Dong Min', 'Shin Se Hwi', 'Yeon Je Hyung', 'Park Seung Ji']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Kang Dong Wan,Yoon Shi So
2411,Tears of Heaven,https://mydramalist.com/7934-tears-of-heaven,"Romance,  Drama","Selfish Mother, Greed ","Cha Yeong learns that she was abandoned by her own mother two separate times. Cha Yeong's mother, who abandoned her daughter twice out of her own greed, decides to fight against her daughter for herself.",7.2,65,25,"['Park Ji Young', 'Hong Ah Reum', 'Seo Joon Young', 'In Gyo Jin', 'Shin Ki Joon', 'Yoon Da Hoon']",Not Yet Rated,MBN,Yoo Je Won,"Heo In Moo,  Kim Yeon Shin"
2412,The Tales of Nights,https://mydramalist.com/23062-the-tales-of-nights,"Romance,  Drama,  Sci-Fi","Miniseries, Sexual Content, Erotic, Nudity ",Unknown,7.2,5,8,"['Kim Bo Kyung', 'Lee Eun Mi', 'Park Joon Seo', 'Yoo Ji Hyun', 'Hwang Seon Hwan', 'Lee Chae Young']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),OCN,Unknown,Unknown
2413,School 3,https://mydramalist.com/6200-school-3,"Life,  Youth,  Drama","Transfer Student Male Lead, Student Supporting Character, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Teenager Supporting Character, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, High School ",A student transfers from a rural school and must adapt to his new environment.,7.2,23,49,"['Zo In Sung', 'Park Kwang Hyun', 'Lee In Hye', 'Oh Yoo Na', 'Jeon Won Joo', 'Seo Jae Kyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS1,"Lee Jae Sang,  Lee Kang Hyun",Hong Jin Ah
2414,Cheongdamdong Scandal,https://mydramalist.com/10703-cheongdamdong-scandal,"Mystery,  Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Scandal, Conglomerate, Business Rivalry, Scheme, Soap Opera, Deception, Jealousy, Lying, Kidnapping, Marriage ","Cheongdam-dong is the seat of wealth and prestige in Korean high society, but an ugly, deeply rooted scandal shakes it to its core when a woman who is determined to get pregnant learns that she is being deceived by the family (her mother-in-law, sister-in-law, and her husband) she was married into, and discovering that the building designer (whose mother supposedly had died) that she just befriended was a person she saved when she was a young girl. She is unaware that she is being sought after by her birth mother (after a woman kidnapped her when she was a baby), who is now married to a businessman and now has a daughter who happens to be jealous of her because she sees her as a rival for the love of her life.(Source: Wikipedia)",7.2,69,119,"['Lee Joong Moon', 'Kang Tae Sung', 'Choi Jung Yoon', 'Im Sung Eon', 'Seo Eun Chae', 'Kim Seung Hwan']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Jung Hyo,Kim Ji Eun
2415,Ang Shim Jung,https://mydramalist.com/3468-ang-shim-jung,"Historical,  Mystery",Investigation ,"A group of secret agents called “Ang Shim Jung” struggles against the 12 Zodiac Animals, a power-hungry organization that controls Joseon. Min Chung Seol is a noblewoman whose entire family was killed, and she ends up joining Ang Shim Jung, where she meets Kang Ye Rang.",7.2,9,13,"['Kim Ha Eun', 'Kwon Hae Hyo', 'Yeo Hyun Soo', 'Lee Gi Young', 'Ji Sang Min', 'Lee Dong Hoon']",Not Yet Rated,E-Channel,Unknown,Unknown
2416,West Palace,https://mydramalist.com/1462-west-palace,"Historical,  Drama,  Political","Palace Setting, Historical Fiction, Concubine, Joseon Dynasty ","A drama based on a popular portrayal of the events during the time of Prince Gwanghae in early 17th Century Joseon. Queen Inmok is depicted as a virtuous lady who fell victim to palace politics and is subsequently banished to the West Palace. Her stepson, Prince Gwanghae, is bewitched by the scheming concubine Kim Gae Shi, and her ambitions and unsatiable thirst for power leads him to his downfall.",7.6,14,52,"['Lee Young Ae', 'Lee Bo Hee', 'Kim  Gyu Chul', 'Kim Bo Sung', 'Choi Kang Won', 'Jang Seo Hee']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Unknown,Unknown
2417,"Goodbye, Solo",https://mydramalist.com/1136-goodbye-solo,"Romance,  Life",Unknown,"This drama attempts to convey that all human beings are beautiful just by existing in this world. The underlying reason for losing interest in life is disappointment with people. People's desire to have their say in everything to succeed and be beautiful stems from their deep-rooted disbelief in themselves. They are unable to love themselves the way they are. And even those who get disappointed with other human beings are negligent in loving their selves. The main character, Kim Min Ho, was born into a family of a business tycoon, but his family turned away from him because he was an illegitimate child. On the other hand, Chung Soo Hee falls in love with Kang Min Ho, who turns out to be her boyfriend Yoo Ji An's friend, while having a hard time because of her mother's re-marriages. Frivolous Choi Mi Ri loves gangster Kang Ho Chul against her family's wishes. Oh Young Sook calls herself ""crazy"" and disguises herself in a lie. All these people are linked together by the mute owner of an eatery in the neighborhood, an older woman named Mi Young.(Source: AsianWiki; edited by MyDramaList)",7.2,146,16,"['Chun Jung Myung', 'Yoon So Yi', 'Kim Min Hee', 'Lee Jae Ryong', 'Bae Jong Ok', 'Na Moon Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Hwang In Hyuk,  Ki Min Soo",Noh Hee Kyung
2418,Meal Kid,https://mydramalist.com/79743-meal-kid,Food,"Former Celebrity Male Lead, Miniseries, Web Series ","Ki Pa Ran is a data analysis expert who loves food entered the food distribution company 'Meal Kid' and often get into conflicts with former idol, Ban Seok due to differences in opinion on the value of food.(Source: MyDramaList)",7.2,47,10,"['Park Na Eun', 'Jung Dae Hyun', 'Zuho']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Naver TV Cast,Lee Chang Han,Unknown
2419,Kaist,https://mydramalist.com/5438-kaist,"Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Young Adult Female Lead, Young Adult Male Lead, University ","A situation drama on students of Korea Advanced Science and Technology. The story of love, agony and endless research of the top brains in the field of science. It also presents a role model of a free, creative youth and their professors dictating what education should be. K.A.I.S.T stands for Korea Advanced Institute of Science & Technology.(Source: DramaWiki)",7.2,4,81,"['Lee Min Woo', 'Chae Rim', 'Shin Eun Jung', 'Baek  Jong Hak', 'Lee Eun Joo', 'Kim Jung Hyun']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Unknown,"Song Ji Na,  Park Kyung Soo,  Kim Yoon Young"
2420,School 4,https://mydramalist.com/6205-school-4,"Life,  Youth,  Drama","Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, Art, High School, Friendship ",It is about the lives of staff and students at Sewon Secondary School of the Arts.,7.2,20,48,"['Im Soo Jung', 'Kim Bo Kyung', 'Yeo Wook Hwan', 'Jung Jong Joon', 'Kim Yoon Kyung', 'Yun Kyu Jin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Hwang Eui Kyung,"Jin Soo Wan,  Moon Eun Ah,  Jo Jung Seon,  Lee Hyang Hee"
2421,Law Firm,https://mydramalist.com/5403-law-firm,"Law,  Romance",Unknown,"Attorney Jung Young Woong leaves the PD's office because he is tired of dealing with the people who commit sex crimes. He starts his own firm and hires 4 questionable lawyers to work for him, ensuring justice for the citizens of Korea.",7.2,27,16,"['So Ji Sub', 'Song Seung Heon', 'Byun Woo Min', 'Kim Ji Ho', 'Seo Jung', 'Lee Jong Won']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Jung Se Ho,Unknown
2422,Girls' Love Story,https://mydramalist.com/15378-girls-love-story,"Comedy,  Romance",Unknown,"Four women are ready to take their relationships to the next level and prepare to move in with their boyfriends. The only problem is, they’re all dating the same man- and come moving day, he’s nowhere to be found! Meet Sweet Beauty, Sexy Eater, Innocent Drinker, and Loyal Cry Baby, four vivacious fitness trainers now hell-bent on revenge against the man who stole their money and trust in the opposite sex.",7.2,168,50,"['Oh Cho Hee', 'Shin Jae Ha', 'Han Eun Seo', 'Yoo Seung Ok', 'Ye Jung Hwa', 'Ji Yoon Ho']",Not Yet Rated,Daum Kakao TV,Kim Sung Deok,Unknown
2423,Just Like Today,https://mydramalist.com/3094-just-like-today,Romance,Family ,"A family drama about a generation of young people who have their own concerns relating to employment and school fees, and three sets of couples who are hometown friends who wonder about the meaning of life.",7.2,8,128,"['Kim Mi Sook', 'Kim Gab Soo', 'Kim Young Ok', 'Hwang  In Young', 'Park Shi Eun', 'Jung Han Hun']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,"Kim Dae Jin,  Jung Ji In",Choi Hyun Kyung
2424,When Life Gives You Lemons,https://mydramalist.com/39777-when-life-gives-you-lemons,"Comedy,  Life","Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series ","A-very-short and comedic web drama about a guy who has terrible luck, and the hilarious trials and tribulations he faces.",7.2,8,6,Unknown,G - All Ages,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2425,My YouTube Diary,https://mydramalist.com/70317-my-youtube-diary,"Life,  Youth","YouTuber Female Lead, Short Length Series, Web Series, Audition, Friendship ","This is the story of Jo Ah Seo, a newbie creator who dreams of making it big. It's been 6 months, yet she only has 13 subscribers...? One day, Morae Company, an agency for popular creators like 'Sweet Honey' and 'Jjun Beat' are holding auditions! Will Ah Seo and bestie Ri Ah make it into DDotty's agency, Morae Company?(Source: Tooniverse)",7.2,16,14,"['Yoon Hye Rim', 'Kim Ri Won', 'Park Jae Chan', 'Jang Mun Ik', 'DDotty', 'Kim Chae Yeon']",G - All Ages,Tooniverse,Unknown,Unknown
2426,Me and My Grantopia,https://mydramalist.com/714629-me-and-my-grantopia,Sci-Fi,"Artificial Intelligence, Short Length Series, Web Series, Miniseries ",Unknown,7.2,8,2,"['Lee Joo Seung', 'Seo Sang Won', 'Kim Seo An']",G - All Ages,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2427,Tell Me Sick,https://mydramalist.com/728555-tell-me-sick,"Drama,  Medical","Veterinary Nurse Supporting Character, Animal Rescue, Workplace Setting, Hospital Setting, Veterinarian Supporting Character, Veterinarian Female Lead, Veterinarian Male Lead, Short Length Series, Pet Adoption, Dog ",Unknown,7.2,8,9,['Seo Ho Seok'],Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2428,"Suddenly, Mood, First Love",https://mydramalist.com/46621-suddenly-mood-first-love,"Romance,  Life,  Youth","Break Up, Past And Present, Miniseries, Web Series, Character Development, First Love ",Unknown,7.2,43,7,"['Kim Min Joo', 'Lee Won Jong', 'Choi Woo Jin', 'Lee Jae Yoon', 'Kim Hyun Ryong']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
2429,You & It,https://mydramalist.com/718743-you-it,"Romance,  Sci-Fi","Short Length Series, Miniseries, Artificial Intelligence, Robot ","""My dead girlfriend is back as an AI robot""A story to be honest in front of love and longing.(Source: Gamsung Click YouTube Channel)",7.2,19,8,"['Park Eun Woo', 'Park Sung Woo']",G - All Ages,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2430,Kyung Sook's Father,https://mydramalist.com/3421-kyung-sooks-father,Comedy,"Adapted From A Play, Miniseries, Father-Daughter Relationship, Korean War, Family ","With Jung Bo Suk playing an irresponsible, selfish prick of a father leaving his family to save his bacon during the Korean War, and super-talented Shim Eun Kyung playing his daughter Jo Gyung Suk, this 4 episode special mixes very dark and wicked comedy with tragedy in such a breezy, eclectic way that you wonder if you're really watching a Korean TV Drama, particularly considering how polished all this looks. Family love during the Korean War has never been this intelligent. Nor this funny.(Source: DramaWiki)~~ Adapted from a play.",7.2,26,4,"['Jeong Bo Seok', 'Shim Eun Kyung', 'Jung Sung Hwa', 'Hong Choong Min', 'Ahn Suk Hwan', 'Lee Tae Ri']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Hong Seok Goo,Unknown
2431,The Women's Room,https://mydramalist.com/7486-the-womens-room,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Hotelier Female Lead, Friends To Enemies, Rich Female Lead, Soap Opera, Jealousy, Revenge, Family, Friendship ","Kyung Chae is the successor of a five-star hotel. She is involved in a romantic relationship with Ji Sub, the general manager of the hotel. Her life changes after she meets Hee Soo and becomes friends with her. Hee Soo is jealous of Kyung Chae and takes away everything that Kyung Chae has. Now, Kyung Chae fights back ...",7.2,70,119,"['Kang Ji Sub', 'Kang Kyung Joon', 'Park Eun Hye', 'Wang Bit Na', 'Lee Hwi Hyang', 'Han Jin Hee']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Lee Myung Woo,Seol Kyung Eun
2432,Women in Our House,https://mydramalist.com/1604-women-in-our-house,"Romance,  Drama,  Family",Idol Actor ,"A family drama that portrays the work and romantic relationships of young people. Go Eun Nim works hard at her part-time job and stays cheerful to support her family, which includes Choi Joon Young and his mother, who suffered after marrying the wrong man and was taken in by Eun Nim's grandmother. Joon Young grew up with Eun Nim like siblings, but slowly begins seeing her as a woman. Lee Se In is the opposite of Eun Nim, with brains, looks and wealth as the heir of a business, but is selfish and spoilt. He uses studying in the U.S. as an excuse to play around. Hong Joo Mi is the picture of perfection; proud, confident and beautiful, she's the youngest team leader at Chairman Lee's company. She has walked her whole life on the path of the elite, from elementary school to her career, and is unused to failure.(Source: KoreanDrama)",7.2,65,125,"['Jay Kim', 'Choi Min', 'Jung Eun Chae', 'Yoon Ah Jung', 'Min Joon Hyun', 'Lee Hye Sook']",Not Yet Rated,KBS1,Jun Chang Geun,Yoo Yoon Kyung
2433,Beating Heart,https://mydramalist.com/1105-beating-heart,"Romance,  Life,  Drama",Anthology ,"Beating Heart is a MBC experimental omnibus drama composed of six chapters with the title: ""When did you feel your heart beating the hardest?"" Conveying answers, such as love, sorrow and joy, are six pairs of directors and screenwriters who participated in this drama. Each team took one chapter consisting of two episodes.",7.2,60,12,"['Bae Jong Ok', 'Kim Chang Wan', 'Bae Doo Na', 'Go Ah Sung', 'Kim Dong Wan', 'Shin Sung Woo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Kim Jin Man,  Lee Yoon Jung,  Shin Hyun Chang,  Oh Kyung Hoon,  Go Dong Sun,  Park Sung Soo","Hong Jin Ah,  Lee Kyung Hee,  In Jung Ok,  Kim In Young,  Park Jung Hwa"
2434,Sharp 1,https://mydramalist.com/7463-sharp-1,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Youth","Friendship, Student Supporting Character, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Neighbors' Relationship, Teenager Supporting Character, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, High School ","Lee Ok Rim is 15 years old. She likes imaging and has a bright personality. She is very frank about her feelings. She also knows that she is pretty and uses that. At home, she is the second child who is placed between an older sister who studies well and a twin younger brother. Ok Rim has a boyfriend, Yoo Ah In, who is studying painting in high school. Ok Rim also has a long-time male friend named Jang-Wook. Between Yu Ah In and Jang Wook, she is not sure about her feelings.Jang Wook is shy but cool. Since moving next door to Ok Rim, they have become best friends and know all of her secrets. Like boys around his age, Jang Wook likes soccer and gets into mischief. He is also warm, and because of that, Jang Wook is popular among his peers. He is also stubborn.Yoo Ah In is a sophomore in high school studying painting and Ok Rim's boyfriend. He makes jokes and is sociable but does not talk about what is really on his mind. Yu Ah In started painting late, but with intelligence and persistence, he won several contests. Yu Ah In is mature and smarter than his girlfriend Ok Rim, so he controls their relationship. But, there is a rival, Jang Wook, and Yu Ah In tries his best to hold onto Ok Rim's affections.",7.2,31,64,"['Yoo Ah In', 'Go Ah Ra', 'Seo Hyun Suk', 'Lee Eung Kyung', 'Oh Yeon Seo', 'Kim Jung Min']",G - All Ages,KBS2,Park Ki Hyun,Hong Jin Ah
2435,"Hello, Stranger",https://mydramalist.com/33778-hello-stranger,"Romance,  Life","Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series ",Unknown,7.2,112,2,"['Lee Seol', 'Song Geon Hee']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
2436,Secret,https://mydramalist.com/1209-secret-2000,"Romance,  Drama","Love Square, Family Secret ","Ji Eun finds out her sister Hee Jung is the daughter of a famous fashion designer and takes over her place as a real daughter. Ji Eun loses her sense of morality as gets into deeper sin out of jealousy toward Hee Jung who also steals both Jun Ho and Young Min's heart. The fashion designer doesn't have the luxury of enjoying the love of her real daughter, Hee Jung when she dies of leukemia. Ji Eun at last realizes unconditional love of this fashion designer and Hee Jung's forgiveness toward her. --Dramawiki",7.2,84,18,"['Ha Ji Won', 'Kim Ha Neul', 'Kim Min Jong', 'Ryu Shi Won', 'Byun Hee Bong', 'Jung Seung Ho']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Kim Sa Hyun,Jung Yoo Kyung
2437,Secrets of Women,https://mydramalist.com/18854-secrets-of-women,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Sly Female Lead, Friends To Enemies, Hatred, Nice Female Lead, Greed, Soap Opera, Family Relationship, Betrayal, Jealousy, Coma ","A woman who used to be as innocent as a white swan, turns into a black one to avenge her father and bring back her child that was taken from her.",7.2,157,104,"['So Yi Hyun', 'Oh Min Suk', 'Kim Yun Seo', 'Jung Heon', 'Kim Seo Ra', 'Park Chul Ho']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Lee Kang Hyun,Song Jung Rim
2438,Biggest Fan,https://mydramalist.com/38495-biggest-fan,"Romance,  Youth","Transfer Student Female Lead, Student Female Lead, School Setting, Fan Female Lead, Best Friends' Relationship, K-Pop, Miniseries, Web Series, Student-Teacher Relationship, Friendship ",Yoo Ari and Ahn Do Jun are idol fans and best friends. They become friends with transfer student Jung Yu Hee who becomes a fan of trainee teacher Ahn Jae Hyun.,7.2,130,6,"['Kim Hyun Soo', 'Yeon Je Hyung', 'Park Seo Yeon', 'Song Da Kyung']",Not Yet Rated,vLive,Unknown,Unknown
2439,Good For You,https://mydramalist.com/7002-good-for-you,"Romance,  Drama,  Family,  Melodrama",Soap Opera ,"A woman who needs to be loved in an endless romance. She cannot go without love for even a single day. Despite being dumped and betrayed again and again, she keeps on falling in love with men.(Source: MBC)",7.2,14,108,"['Lee Hyung Chul', 'Ha Hee Ra', 'Shim Hyung Tak', 'Kim Bin Woo', 'Hwang Ji Ni', 'Jang Ye Seul']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Lee Min Soo,Park Ji Hyun
2440,The Secret of Secret,https://mydramalist.com/52365-secrets-secrets,"Youth,  Drama,  Sports","Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, Short Length Series, Discrimination, Multiple Mains, Social Issues, Hidden Identity ","""The Secret of Secret"" is about the courage of the main characters to heal wounds and call for human rights in the face of discrimination.(Source: HanCinema)",7.2,26,4,"['Yoo Hye In', 'Jung Min Gyu', 'Jin Ho Eun', 'Chae Won Bin', 'Jung Jun Hwan', 'Kam Rain']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
2441,The Return of Hwang Geum Bok!,https://mydramalist.com/14702-the-return-of-hwang-geum-bok,"Drama,  Family,  Melodrama","Sly Female Lead, Weak Female Lead, Soap Opera ","A mother lives her whole life loyally in the lowest of places for the daughter of hers who is embarassed about her mother. But one day, her mother disappears. The daughter has no mother to hug, to complain to or see. Then there's the authority who is hiding the truth about this accident...",7.2,48,125,"['Shin Da Eun', 'Lee Elijah', 'Jung Eun Woo', 'Kim Jin Woo', 'Jeon Mi Seon', 'Shim Hye Jin']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Yoon Ryu Hae,Ma Joo Hee
2442,Not Found Love,https://mydramalist.com/713831-can-t-find-the-answer,Romance,"Best Friends' Relationship, Short Length Series, Ex-Boyfriend Comes Back, Break Up, Reverse-Harem, Miniseries, Web Series, Friendship ","A love story of a woman in her 20s who looks back on her different relationships with five men and sets out to find the answer to their relationship. Their journey to find the meaning of love and romance takes place at the beautiful tourist destinations in 7 regions including Gangwon-do, Jeollabuk-do, Jeju-do, Chungcheongbuk-do, Mokpo-si, Yeosu-si, and Jeonju-si. (Source: Arirang TV YouTube)",7.2,160,10,"['Shim Sae Byeok', 'Im Sung Kyun', 'Im Yu Bin', 'Cha Jae Hoon', 'Yoon Seo Bin', 'Seo Byuk Joon']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2443,Guardian Angel,https://mydramalist.com/2283-guardian-angel,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Drama","Innocent Female Lead, Secondary Couple, Secret Crush, Older Man/Younger Woman, Calm Female Lead, Male Chases Female First, Nice Male Lead ","This drama series starts from a belief that true love is the real guardian angel. There are two young people who pursue wealth and power. And then, there are other two young people, who lead a fulfilling life despite the difficult surroundings. Through the competition and star-crossed love amongst the four characters, we tell the story, in which truth and love are the real guardian angels",7.2,113,16,"['Song Hye Kyo', 'Kim Min Jong', 'Yoon Da Hoon', 'Kim Min', 'Kim Bo Sung', 'Park Eun Bin']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Unknown,Lee Hee Myung
2444,Amor Fati,https://mydramalist.com/694833-amor-fati,"Romance,  Drama","Cancer, Family Relationship, Terminal Illness, Poor Male Lead, Divorced Female Lead, Soap Opera, Healing, Infidelity, Father-Son Relationship, Poverty ",A healing drama about the reset of the lives of people who stand up again in a moment of despair. A single woman fighting cancer and a penniless single father meet and depict a healing romance for both sides to heal each other's wounds.(Source: Naver),7.2,98,120,"['Choi Jung Yoon', 'Ahn Jae Mo', 'Bae Seul Gi', 'Park Hyung Joon', 'Kim Jong Goo', 'Yoon Mi Ra']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Bae Tae Seop,Nam Sun Hye
2445,Tears of Diamond,https://mydramalist.com/1070-tears-of-diamond,"Romance,  Drama",Revenge ,"On Son In ha (Yoon Hae Young) and Cheol Jong (Ahn Jae Hwan)’s day of engagement, Cheol Jong’s face is blushing with happiness, while In Ha’s composed and serene. In Ha and Cheol Jong are working at Hyung Min (Kim Seong Miin)’s independent construction firm. However, the aftermath of the IMF leaves them bankrupt. Nonetheless, Hyung Min goes on enjoying women and playing golf having no idea that the company he works for is almost going bankrupt.The company finally goes bankrupt due to the economic crisis. Hyung Min’s father (Shin Chung Sik) starts to wander everywhere from the shock, and Hyung Min’s mother (Seo Seung Hyun) ultimately neglects him. Cheol Jong and his employees get to enter Chairman Jin’s company with the help of Hyung Min, and In Ha ends up standing by Hyung Min. In order to secure the medical expenses for his father’s surgery, he begs his friends for help, but is shunned. He sells his car to provide the money. This is his first time he ever feels like he falls to the bottom, and In Ha feels sorry for him.Eventually, In Ha uses her marriage funds to pay for Hyung Min’s father’s surgery and medical expenses. Hyung Min starts to love In Ha more and more for this. Seeing how In Ha is moved by this, Cheol Jong asks In Ha to delay the marriage, and Hyung Min gets anxious thinking In Ha might leave him. Cheol Jong, who witnesses Hyung Min and In Ha kissing, starts to punch Hyung Min with his fists and badgers In Ha. Hyung Min confesses his heart to In Ha, but In Ha coldly rejects him. Cheol Jong, who gets anxious over losing In Ha, hurries their marriage, ignoring what she feels, while Hyung Min vows to his father that he would make In Ha his wife. However, as fate conflicts, Hyung Min introduces to Cheol Jong a stripper lady that he used to know.Afterwards, In Ha tells Cheol Jong that their marriage could end in suffering. However, Cheol Jong gets angry at what she says and gets the marriage plans going. However, Hyung Min, who was not able to have In Ha makes his last choice.",7.2,15,21,"['Lee Jae Hwang', 'Kim Sung Min', 'Hong Eun Hee', 'Yoon Hae Young', 'Park In Hwan', 'Yang Geum Suk']",18+ Restricted (violence & profanity),SBS,Hong Chang Wook,Han Joon Young
2446,One Fine Day in October,https://mydramalist.com/9177-one-fine-day-in-october,Drama,"Bucket List, Miniseries ",A drama about an old couple's way of life toward the end and the husband carries out his wife's 'bucket list'.,7.2,3,2,"['Lee Deok Hwa', 'Kim Hae Sook', 'Lee Tae Hwan', 'Seo Dong Won', 'Choi Hee Seo', 'Yoo Seung Yong']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Unknown,Kim Mi Kyung
2447,Ugly Miss Young Ae Season 3,https://mydramalist.com/13189-ugly-miss-young-ae-season-3,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Drama",Family ,.,7.2,6,16,"['Kim Hyun Sook', 'Choi Won Joon', 'Jung Da Hye', 'Go Se Won', 'Song Min Hyung', 'Yoon Seo Hyun']",Not Yet Rated,tvN,"Park Joon Hwa,  Jung Hwan Suk,  Choi Kyu Shik","Myung Soo Hyun,  Han Sul Hee"
2448,Ugly Miss Young Ae Season 7,https://mydramalist.com/13203-ugly-miss-young-ae-season-7,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Drama",Family ,Unknown,7.2,6,20,"['Kim Hyun Sook', 'Kim San Ho', 'Lee Hae Young', 'Song Min Hyung', 'Im Seo Yeon', 'Jung  Ji Soon']",Not Yet Rated,tvN,"Park Joon Hwa,  Choi Kyu Shik","Baek Sun Woo,  Myung Soo Hyun"
2449,"Reply Pyeongchang, 100°F",https://mydramalist.com/45383-reply-pyeongchang-100-f,"Youth,  Drama,  Sports","Athlete Male Lead, Short Length Series, Injury, Miniseries, Web Series ","Ji Hoon is a star athlete who has dreamt of participating in the Olympics, but he fails to join the national team for the Rio Olympics due to an injury. Frustrated, Ji Hoon decides to embark on a journey to PyeongChang where the Olympics will be held in two years. Meanwhile, Hye Won, depressed after failing all her job interviews, decides to join her brother In Joon on his trip to PyeongChang. Hye Won and In Joon set off on a bicycle trip, but their bicycles break down along the way. They bum a ride and meet Ji Hoon there, where their adventures begin.(Source: HanCinema)",7.2,6,5,"['Yeo Woon', 'Kim Chae Won']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
2450,Super Smart Quiz Show,https://mydramalist.com/79819-super-smart-quiz-show,"Youth,  Sci-Fi","Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, Short Length Series, Educational, Smart Female Lead, Miniseries, High School, Artificial Intelligence ","'Super Smart Quiz Show' is an IT education web drama about three high school students' experience while experiencing future technologies such as AI, IoT, and 6G through a quiz show.",7.2,6,5,"['Yoo Hye In', 'Kang Yi Suk']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2451,Translation-needed Love,https://mydramalist.com/714785-translation-needed-love,"Comedy,  Romance","Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series ",Unknown,7.2,6,2,Unknown,Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2452,Merry Mary,https://mydramalist.com/2314-merry-mary,"Comedy,  Romance",Unknown,"Hwang Me Ri, nicknamed Merry, dreams of becoming a musician as she works as a street vendor. Cheerful and optimistic despite the drudgery of her life, she works hard, and nothing disturbs her until Kang Dae Gu, a poor novelist, moves into her neighborhood. Clashing from the moment they meet, the two keep their neighbors in an uproar as they embark on a no-holds-barred war of attack and defense.",7.2,106,16,"['Lee  Ha Na', 'Ji Hyun Woo', 'Lee Min Woo', 'Wang Bit Na', 'Im Ju Eun', 'Kwak Ji Min']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Go Dong Sun,Kim In Young
2453,Once Again,https://mydramalist.com/681631-once-again,"Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Warm Male Lead, Break Up, Traveling, Miniseries, Web Series, First Love, Unrequited Love, Love Triangle ","Kim Hye Sung and his girlfriend of six years take time to look back on the precious people they have neglected, and try to find the lost excitement. He is a kind man, full of consideration, and with a friendly personality.Wanting to restore the relationship with his first love, he is having trouble taking care of just himself because of work.(Source: MyDramaList)",7.2,153,8,"['Park Jun', 'Jeon Sa Ra', 'Han Ji Hye', 'Lee Hoo Rim', 'Jung Joon']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,MBC,Unknown,Unknown
2454,Ruby Ring,https://mydramalist.com/7625-ruby-ring,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Fraternal Twin Female Lead, Sisters' Relationship, Sly Female Lead, Imposter, Gold Digger Female Lead, Nice Female Lead, Twin Exchange, Soap Opera, Plastic Surgery, Stolen Identity ","Ruby and Runa are twin sisters, whose characters are the opposite of each other. Ruby is the good and loving girl whose fiancé is Gyeong Min while Runa is selfish and a gold-digger. They come to live each others' life after their faces were swapped by a car accident. Gyeong Min, who doesn't have any clue about this, faces a tragic fate, receiving love from both at the same time, and In Soo, who is abandoned by his ex-girlfriend Runa, plans revenge to her.",7.2,186,93,"['Lee So Yeon', 'Im Jung Eun', 'Kim Seo Ra', 'Ha Joo Hee', 'Hwang Chan Woo', 'Kim Suk Hoon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Unknown,Hwang Soon Young
2455,A Twist Girl,https://mydramalist.com/68539-a-twist-girl,"Youth,  Supernatural","Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, Short Length Series, Miniseries, High School, Web Series, Identity Swap ",The first-class girl in the whole school and a man who has changed body is a reverse girl.(Source: Chezzefilm).,7.2,52,3,"['Jung Lael', 'Kang Min Gyu']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2456,Pure Pumpkin Flower,https://mydramalist.com/1172-pure-pumpkin-flower,"Drama,  Melodrama","Hardship, Cheerful Female Lead, Chasing A Dream, Bright Female Lead, Soap Opera, Deception, Father-Daughter Relationship, Strong Female Lead, Fantasy ","The story of the love story and dreams of a pure-hearted girl, Soon Jung, who never loses hope even in difficult circumstances.",7.2,34,124,"['Lee Chung Ah', 'Bae Jong Ok', 'Jin Tae Hyun', 'Park Shi Eun', 'Park Young Ji', 'Lee Hye Sook']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Unknown,Ha Chung Ok
2457,Your Lady,https://mydramalist.com/6243-your-lady,"Romance,  Drama,  Family,  Melodrama","Optimistic Female Lead, Car Accident, Soap Opera, Betrayal, Amnesia ","A mellow drama looking for truth amidst plots, betrayals an lies as people know each other’s secrets. Eun Soo is a positive character who never loses hope even in the hardest circumstances but loses her memory in a car accident and lives as Yoo Jung who married to Jin Goo.",7.2,52,120,"['Lee Byung Wook', 'Lee Yoo Ri', 'Im Ho', 'Park  Yoon Jae', 'Park Young Rin', 'Jung Han Yong']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Jung Hyo,Unknown
2458,Mother's Garden,https://mydramalist.com/9369-mothers-garden,"Romance,  Drama,  Family,  Melodrama",Unknown,A family drama about a woman who gets to live at her biological mother’s boarding house with her stepmother after her father dies and his business goes down. This struggling family overcomes life challenges together through love and compassion to reach a happy ending.(Source: MBC),7.2,104,126,"['Jung Yoo Mi', 'Choi  Tae Joon', 'Uhm Hyun Kyung', 'Go Se Won', 'Go Doo Shim', 'Gil Yong Woo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Noh Do Cheol,  Kwon Sung Chang",Park Jung Ran
2459,Power Rangers Dino Force Brave,https://mydramalist.com/22747-power-rangers-dino-force-brave,"Action,  Tokusatsu,  Sci-Fi","Superhero Female Lead, Superhero Male Lead, Multiple Mains ","Power Rangers Dino Force Brave (파워레인저 다이노포스 브레이브 Pawoleinjeo Dainoposeu Beureibeu) is a South Korean-made sequel to the 2013 Super Sentai series Zyuden Sentai Kyoryuger, known as Power Rangers Dino Force in its Korean dub. It will in turn be redubbed and aired in Japan as Zyuden Sentai Kyoryuger Brave. It will air twelve 15-minute episodes in 2017, created and produced by Daewon Media, who holds the licenses and production of the Super Sentai/Power Rangers franchise in South Korea, who also co-operated with Toei Company.",7.2,107,12,"['Kim Se Yong', 'Lee Se Young', 'Hong Sung Ho', 'Oh Se Hyun', 'In Jun', 'Lee Yoo Jin']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Shimoyama Kento
2460,Make a Wish,https://mydramalist.com/10025-make-a-wish,"Romance,  Family",Birth Secret ,"This drama is about entangled lives of four women, a stepmother, and daughter of a small diner and another stepmother and daughter of a nation-wide food service company, CE Group. These four women’s lives start to be entangled with a suspicious hit-and-run of a man who then is blamed for embezzlement enrages of CE Group while he in a coma from the accident. Without any money or connections, the man’s widow goes on a crusade to prove her husband’s innocence and many obstacles and hardships are encountered along her arduous journey. A suspenseful plot and a story about stepmothers and daughters bring up the rear to present a heartwarming drama to viewers.(Source: MBC)",7.2,67,122,"['Oh Ji Eun', 'Ki Tae Young', 'Yoo Ho Rin', 'Song Yoo Jung', 'Lee Deok Hee', 'Im Ji Eun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Choi Won Seok,  Lee Jae Jin",Park Eon Hee
2461,Mothers and Sisters,https://mydramalist.com/10091-mothers-and-sisters,"Romance,  Drama","Fraternal Twin Female Lead, Fraternal Twin Male Lead, Innocent Female Lead, Mute Female Lead, Poverty, Rich Female Lead, Big Family, Family Relationship, Calm Female Lead, Poor Female Lead ","Seong Ri and Kyeong Bin are twins born via artificial insemination, later separated at birth. Both twins are unaware of each other until Seung Ri's mother abandons her one day and forces her to go to her real father. Seung Ri misses her mother and has difficulty in adjusting to her new family, including her twin brother and 3 sisters. Her friend's brother Soo Cheol befriends her eldest half sister who is able to hear but unable to speak due to an accident during childhood.",7.2,13,50,"['Go Soo', 'Kim So Yeon', 'Ahn Jae Wook', 'Hwang Soo Jung', 'Jeon Hye Soo', 'Kim Ji Young']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Lee Kwan Hee,Jo So Hye
2462,Bad Love,https://mydramalist.com/52103-bad-love,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Stepbrothers' Relationship, Family Conflict, Bright Female Lead, Scandal, Time Skip, Rich Family, Soap Opera, Family Relationship, Love At First Sight, Poor Female Lead ","An accident has changed five men and women’s fates. Unlike conventional love stories with lovely memories and anecdotes, their love is judged and frowned upon. Despite the criticisms on them, they can’t stop themselves from desperately loving each other. Bad Love is a sad love drama that portrays true love that hurts.(Source: Viu)",7.2,152,129,"['Shin Go Eun', 'Lee Sun Ho', 'Oh Seung Ah', 'Yoon Jong Hwa', 'Cha Min Ji', 'Jeon Seung Bin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Kim Mi Sook,Hong Seung Hee
2463,Life Is Beautiful,https://mydramalist.com/1208-life-is-beautiful,"Business,  Romance,  Drama","Authoritarian Parents, Star Crossed Lovers, Jealousy, Love Square, Female Chases Male First, Love Triangle, Break Up, Meet Again, Forbidden Love, Father-Son Relationship ","Chairman Yu is a tycoon who owns multiple hotel chains. He decides to hand his business down to his impulsive younger daughter, Hee Jung, who studied hotel management in Switzerland. His older daughter, Su Jung, is a concert pianist.Hee Jung learns the business by starting at the bottom of the P.R. Department. She has a deep emotional scar from an incident where her first boyfriend was killed trying to save her life.To expand his business, Chairman Yu decides to build a resort town next to a casino in Sabuk, a deserted mine town in Kangwon Province. In the process, Chairman Yu's right-hand man is confronted by a local hoodlum who wants to preserve his hometown the way it is. Jae Min's uncanny resemblance to Hee Jung's dead boyfriend gets her involved in the business such that she has to go against her father in order to help Jae Min.(Source: Dramawiki)",7.2,134,16,"['Ha Ji Won', 'Kim Rae Won', 'Yoon Hae Young', 'Kim Moo Saeng', 'Jeong Bo Seok', 'Yang Mi Ra']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Unknown,Lee Hong Goo
2464,Have a Good Neighbor,https://mydramalist.com/738245-seo-yi-chu,"Romance,  Drama","Social Worker Female Lead, Athlete Male Lead, Short Length Series, Popular Male Lead, Shy Female Lead, Badminton, Miniseries, Friends To Lovers, Misunderstanding, Web Series ","Choi Lyn and Hwang Seol Aa are studying at university when Seol Aa recruits Choi Lyn to join Good Neighbors organisation as a volunteer. Since they need one more member who is good at social networking, Choi Lyn suggests her childhood friend and badminton champion, Cho Eun Gyeom, to work on their campaign.Will working together lead to new discoveries?(Source: ColourMePurple at MyDramaList)",7.2,20,3,"['Kim Se Hyeon', 'Lee Yu Kyung']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2465,Trap of Youth,https://mydramalist.com/12493-trap-of-youth,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Homme Fatale, Soap Opera, Infidelity, Revenge, Pregnancy ","Yun Hee sacrifices her studies and makes money to support her boyfriend's college fees, and later gives birth to a son of his. Yet the boyfriend betrays her love and falls for a rich girl. Yun Hee tries to break their relationship by getting close to the girl's brother. However, she cannot hurt her ex-boyfriend and her present boyfriend who is madly in love with her. Eventually, her boyfriend Young Guk, moves her and dissolves her hatred with true love.",7.2,5,24,"['Shim Eun Ha', 'Yoo Ho Jung', 'Lee Jong Won', 'Jeon Kwang Ryul', 'Yeo Woon Kye', 'Kim Moo Saeng']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Jung Se Ho,Kim Soo Hyun
2466,Second Proposal,https://mydramalist.com/2123-second-proposal,"Romance,  Drama","Infidelity, Older Woman/Younger Man, Divorced Female Lead ","Jang Mi Young was a happily married mother of 2 when she finds out her husband is having an affair. This results in a divorce, and her husband and his new bride gain custody of the children. Mi Young must strike out on her own and rebuild her life and career after many years as a housewife. Fortunately, she has a friend by her side, a handsome younger man named Nam Kyung Soo who finds himself feeling sympathy for Mi Young and wanting to help her get back on her feet again.",7.2,28,22,"['Oh Yeon Soo', 'Oh Ji Ho', 'Kim Young Ho', 'Heo Young Ran', 'Choi Ran', 'Shin Yoon Jung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Kim Pyung Joong,Park Eun Ryeong
2467,Snow In August,https://mydramalist.com/1193-snow-in-august,"Mystery,  Romance,  Melodrama","Divorced Female Lead, Brother-Sister Relationship, Car Accident, Weak Female Lead, Infidelity, Older Woman/Younger Man, Death, Male Chases Female First, Nice Male Lead, Investigation ","A 27-year-old single with a six-year-old son falls for Choo Sang Mi, a thirty-three-year-old divorcee. Her husband cheated on her and she suffers from the pain of losing their son in a car accident 3 years ago. This drama is about how the two meet and through a child they heal each other wounds.",7.2,176,20,"['Chu Sang Mi', 'Park Tam Hee', 'Ryu Tae Joon', 'Jo Dong Hyuk', 'Lee Hyun Kyung', 'Lee Do Il']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Yoon Ryu Hae,Ma Joo Hee
2468,Ugly Miss Young Ae Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/13187-ugly-miss-young-ae-season-2,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Drama",Family ,Unknown,7.2,7,16,"['Kim Hyun Sook', 'Choi Won Joon', 'Yoo Hyung Kwan', 'Yoon Seo Hyun', 'Go Se Won', 'Jung  Ji Soon']",Not Yet Rated,tvN,"Park Joon Hwa,  Jung Hwan Suk,  Choi Kyu Shik",Han Sul Hee
2469,I'm Sorry Kang Nam Goo,https://mydramalist.com/21695-im-sorry-kang-nam-goo,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Divorced Female Lead, Infidelity, Multiple Couples, Nice Male Lead, Amnesia, Family ",A lethal but innocent love story of a man who only pursued success for his family towards a woman who lost everything after finding her husband's rich parents.,7.2,125,120,"['Kim Min Seo', 'Park Sun Ho', 'Na Ya', 'Heo Young Ran', 'Lee In', 'Lee Chang Hoon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Unknown,Ahn Hong Ran
2470,Pianissimo,https://mydramalist.com/5743-pianissimo,"Music,  Romance,  Life,  Drama",Miniseries ,"""PIANISSIMO"" which exudes ""Come & Goes in Silence"" as a theme for all the different love stories. The drama with a total of 8 episodes (Black City, Never Ending Love, Happy Fiction, Love is You, Grape Prince, Moebis, Magic Hour and Meet), which are presented by the Hallyu stars and famous creative directors for the elements of the melodrama.The drama includes SS501 members Kim Kyu Jong, Kim Hyung Jun, Park Jung Min, singer Moon Hee Jun, Son Ho Young, Nam Gyu Ri, Tei, Bae Seul Ki, Seo Ji Young, Ex-member of Baby V.OX Shim Eun Jin, Kim EZ, Kong Hyun Joo, Hong Jong Oh, Park Ki Ung, Lee Tae Sung, Hong Soo Hyun, Won Jun Choi, etc., represented by 30 over Korean stars. As they have singers participating, acting in this drama for the 1st time, so you will get a different feeling when watching this drama.This was released as a DVD.",7.2,22,8,"['Lee Tae Sung', 'Son Ho Young', 'Bae Seul Gi', 'Seo Ji Young', 'Kim Kyu Jong', 'Kim Hyung Jun']",Not Yet Rated,CGV,Unknown,Unknown
2471,Wild Flower,https://mydramalist.com/12102-wild-flower,"Romance,  Drama",Unknown,Unknown,7.2,8,118,"['Jang  Hye Sook', 'Kim Jeong Hak', 'Lee Ah Hyun', 'Sun Woo Jae Duk', 'Kim Sun Hwa', 'Shin Hyun Tak']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Unknown,Jung Ji Woo
2472,Deux Yeoza,https://mydramalist.com/32483-deux-yeoza,"Comedy,  Life","Web Series, Short Length Series, Miniseries, Sismance, Sketch Comedy, Friendship ","Do you know how you and your best friend can have entire conversations in the space of a look? This web series follows the intimate telepathic (and not-so-telepathic) communication of two girls as they deal with strange men, drunk girlfriends, and scary sales associates.(Source: AsianCrush)",7.2,42,8,"['Pyo Ye Jin', 'Choi Seung Yoon', 'Jeon So Nee']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2473,Fight,https://mydramalist.com/1128-fight-2008,Action,"Street Fight, Miniseries, Friendship ",The drama about men who engage in fights and the deep bond that develops between them.,7.2,130,8,"['Yoo Geon', 'Lee Jong Soo', 'Baek Do Bin', 'Lee Young Jin', 'Hwang Ji No', 'Hong Seung Jin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,tvN,Unknown,Unknown
2474,Mr. Q,https://mydramalist.com/4973-mr.-q,Unknown,Unknown,"The brilliant comeback of the losers. The losers in life come back bringing out their long hidden abilities rather than giving up all hope in the face of failure. Under the conspiracy of Ju-ri and Mr. Hwang, new comers at Lala fashion, Kang-to and Hae-won are transferred to the development department in which those waiting to be fired are temporarily placed. The love and courage of the employees in the development department who stand strong in the face of adversity is pictured with flashy success.",7.2,9,18,"['Kim Hee Sun', 'Kim Min Jong', 'Song Yoon Ah', 'Myung Gye Nam', 'Jo Hye Ryun', 'Choi Jung Yoon']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Jang Ki Hong,Lee Hee Myung
2475,Don't Worry Apricot,https://mydramalist.com/708561-don-t-worry-apricot,"Youth,  Fantasy","Student Female Lead, School Setting, Child Female Lead, Elementary School, Miniseries ","Depicting the story of elementary school student Gye Sal Gu, who is always short of pocket money. One day, a magical bankbook with money falls from the sky.(Source: Cnews)",7.2,15,5,"['Seo Eun Sol', 'Dylan']",G - All Ages,Tooniverse,Unknown,Unknown
2476,My Wonderful Roommate 2,https://mydramalist.com/683281-my-wonderful-roommate-2,"Business,  Romance","Childhood Friends' Relationship, Roommates' Relationship, Workplace Setting, Office Setting, Short Length Series, Workplace Romance, Miniseries, Cohabitation, Web Series, Friendship ","Living together in a full-fledged in-house relationship. There is no right answer to the relationship, but how will the two couples solve the problems that arise during the relationship? Even more dizzy and breathtaking office romance begins.",7.2,69,10,"['Son Ye Ji', 'Choi Joon Han', 'Kim Sa Rang', 'Lee Joo Mi']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2477,Dance No.15,https://mydramalist.com/46719-dance-no-15,"Life,  Youth","Web Series, Dance, Friendship ",Unknown,7.2,4,14,Unknown,Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
2478,School of Start,https://mydramalist.com/697587-school-of-startup,"Youth,  Drama","Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, Short Length Series, Chasing A Dream, Conflict, Smart Male Lead, Miniseries ",Unknown,7.2,4,3,['Lee Jung Joon'],15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2479,Land,https://mydramalist.com/5457-land,"Romance,  Drama",Adapted From A Novel ,"When she was 5 years old, Seo Hee's mother ran off with one of their servants and she was left with her father, who had never been kind to her. But even this shock did not prepare her for the hardships she would suffer after her father's death, when her relative, Cho Joon Goo, took advantage of her young age and gained possession the legal documents which had marked her as landowner. Throughout these miserable years, her lowly friend Gil Sang became her only source of comfort and support. With his help, Seo Hee escapes being forcibly married to Cho Byun Soo, a disabled man of Joon Goo's choosing, and flees from her hometown. She slowly builds her fortune as a merchant, driven by a desire for revenge on Joon Goo and the ultimate goal of regaining her land. (Source: DramaWiki)~~ Adapted from the novel ""Land"" (토지) by Park Kyung Ri (박경리).",7.2,21,52,"['Kim Hyun Joo', 'Yoo  Joon Sang', 'Park Ji Il', 'Choi Sung Ho', 'Ham Eun Jung', 'Bae Min Hee']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Unknown,"Lee Hye Seon,  Lee Hong Goo"
2480,As Your Heart Tells,https://mydramalist.com/51855-as-your-heart-tells,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth","School Setting, Neighbors' Relationship, Short Length Series, University, Dog, Miniseries, Web Series, Student, Love Triangle ",Unknown,7.2,39,8,"['Joo Hyun Young', 'Eom Se Ung', 'Hong Min Woo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Unknown,Unknown
2481,Princess Aurora,https://mydramalist.com/6815-princess-aurora-2013,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Family","Soap Opera, Second Chance, Riches To Rags, Unrequited Love, Marriage ","Aurora is a 25-year-old woman whose family owns Chunwang Foods, a large food conglomerate. Both of her parents are in their seventies and a 20-plus age difference exists between Aurora and her three other male siblings; Wang Sung, Geum Sung, and Su Sung. At first, people think she is a rich spoiled brat but there’s more to her than meets the eye. She intervenes to salvage her 50-year-old second brother’s marriage by getting rid of his mistress who had lied about getting pregnant by her brother. As the youngest child of a wealthy family, she has turned out alright instead of becoming a spoiled material girl. She is uber-confident and speaks her mind to everyone around her. One day, she falls head over heels for Hwang Mama, an irritable novelist and a perfectionist. Aurora oozes with charm and confidence! Nothing can faze her. Hwang Mama’s chiseled good looks make him incomparable to other men. But he has one flaw that could torpedo his relationship with Aurora! Can the couple overcome it?(Source: MBC)",7.2,111,150,"['Jeon So Min', 'Oh Chang Seok', 'Seo Ha Joon', 'Oh Dae Gyu', 'Im Hyuk', 'Kim Se Min']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Jang Joon Ho,  Kim Jung Ho",Im Sung Han
2482,Yeonnam Family,https://mydramalist.com/52959-yeonnam-family,Romance,"Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series, Family ","The father of Joo Dong, Joo Nam, and Joo Yeon plans to give all his accumulated fortune back to society, except for the three story house, whose price has skyrocketed. He promises to leave the house to the one who gets married first in 6 months among the siblings. But when their father, Mr. Jeong, makes this unexpected announcement, Joo Dong, Joo Nam, and Joo Yeon who are beyond their best age to get married, start their search for a partner. Joo Yeon, 29, who has chosen to stay single, starts to also actively look for a partner to inherit the house. She gets a chance to think about marriage and reflect on her past relationships in this delightful romantic drama.(Source: HanCinema)",7.2,62,8,"['Chae Seo Jin', 'Na In Woo', 'Kang Tae Sung', 'Yoon Jin Young', 'Son Min Ji', 'Han Min Chae']",Not Yet Rated,Genie TV,Unknown,Unknown
2483,Into the Storm,https://mydramalist.com/2452-into-the-storm-2004,"Action,  Romance","Brothers' Relationship, Love Triangle ","Two brothers fight for one woman.Director Yoo Chul-yong, script writer Choi Wan-gyu and cinematographer Lee Jong-nyung, the production team of the popular Korean TV series All In does it again. They have teamed-up once more to offer you Into The Storm the tale of the two very different brothers Hyun-jun and Hyun-tae who turn against each other because they love the same woman. While Hyun-jun is known as the town's smartest student, his younger brother dropped out of school long ago and never steps back from a good fight. Now working in the same corporation, the two brothers turn into adversaries in and out of their career lives.",7.2,6,24,"['Kim Suk Hoon', 'Kim Min Joon', 'Song Yoon Ah', 'Yoo  Sun', 'Lee Chan', 'Lee Da Hee']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,"Yoo In Shik,  Yoo Chul Yong",Choi Wan Kyu
2484,First Marriage,https://mydramalist.com/3954-first-marriage,Historical,"Travelling Troupe, Miniseries ","The lyrical story of a group of travelling performers who live difficult lives, carrying on their tradition through their love and art.",7.2,6,2,"['Park Jung Chul', 'Jung Eun Byul', 'Joo Sung Hwan', 'Ahn Jung Hoon', 'Kim Seo Jung', 'Choi Ryeong']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Kim Soo Ryong,Park Jung Ran
2485,Room of Romance,https://mydramalist.com/32286-room-of-romance,"Romance,  Drama","Neighbors' Relationship, Teamwork, Blind Date, Miniseries, Web Series ","Lee Sarang is a part timer, who stays alone in an   apartment. One day new part timer, Son Hyun Woo comes to work with her. Coincidentally, a new neighbour moved in whose identity is unknown to Sarang. The plot is about how coincidence can lead to being your fate.",7.2,94,5,"['Baek Soo Hee', 'Son Hyun Woo', 'Seo Hye Bin', 'Kim Young Dae']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,vLive,Unknown,Unknown
2486,Devil's Diary,https://mydramalist.com/19470-devils-diary,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama,  Fantasy,  Supernatural","Short Length Series, Miniseries, Devil, Demon, Interspecies Romance ","Cheon Nara, whose name literally means ‘heaven’, is a normal lady working a normal office job who suddenly starts seeing glimpses of a man in suits smirking at her. She lives alone and of course, freaks out when she feels that there is someone following her on her way home and makes the decision to buy a taser. It turns out that the man is no ordinary man; he is a devil who appears before her, black wings and all, to offer her three wishes. Nara’s response to his revelation is something Mr. Devil has not prepared for: she completely ignores him and his offer, doubting her vision. He tries to prove his identity, only to lead her into believing that she has a disease and has started having hallucinations.",7.2,159,4,"['Han Joo Wan', 'Lee Shi Won', 'Choi Dae Sung', 'Lee Ki Wook', 'Go Gyu Pil']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
2487,TV Novel,https://mydramalist.com/23882-tv-novel-dal-soons-spring,"Drama,  Family,  Melodrama","Rich Female Lead, Soap Opera, Amnesia ","Eun Sol is the only daughter of a CEO for a shoemaking company. She lives a happy life, but an unexpected incident causes her to lose her memory and she begins to live under the name of Dal Soon. She has a bright personality and takes an interest in shoes. Dal Soon reveals her past and succeeds as a shoe master.",7.2,51,129,"['Hong Ah Reum', 'Song Won Seok', 'Yoon Da Young', 'Kang Da Bin', 'Choi Jae Sung', 'Kim Young Ok']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Shin Chang Seok,Moon Young Hoon
2488,The Dearest Lady,https://mydramalist.com/16032-the-dearest-lady,"Romance,  Drama,  Family,  Melodrama",Unknown,An upbeat family-oriented TV miniseries with a mishmash of different generations and different attitudes towards relationships. The difficulties that arise between mother and daughter mostly due to the men they are having a relationship with becomes the central plot that illustrates the challenges that single moms and divorcees face in today’s society. Their lives and the lives of the people they are connected to are depicted in a way that viewers can relate to through a fuzzy warm feeling called love.(Source: MBC),7.2,86,116,"['Kang Min Kyung', 'Kwak Hee Sung', 'Kang Tae Oh', 'Ha Hee Ra', 'Jung Chan', 'Jo An']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Choi Chang Wook,  Choi Joon Bae",Seo Hyun Joo
2489,The Dolphin in the Little Mermaid,https://mydramalist.com/688141-the-dolphin-in-the-little-mermaid,"Life,  Youth","School Setting, Childhood Friends' Relationship, Introverted Female Lead, Short Length Series, Missunderstanding, Popular Male Lead, Adolescence, Miniseries, Web Series, Nice Male Lead ","When I was a little girl... I thought I was the main character of my life and the world revolves around me. But?!Eun So is the most popular boy in class. His best friend is Eun Young, an introverted girl. However, since a short while his best friend is avoiding him. He does not know what to do to reconcile with his friend.(Source: 초콜릿박스미디어 in YouTube; real_Mokona at MyDramaList)",7.2,15,10,['Jeon Jin Seo'],G - All Ages,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2490,Aquarius,https://mydramalist.com/3470-aquarius,Romance,Unknown,Eun Seo and Eun Young both grow up at the church orphanage. Eun Seo falls in love with Min Ho’s older brother and had his son. But unfortunately Min Ho’s brother and nephew die in a car accident on the way to meeting Min Ho’s parents. This accident makes Eun Seo forget about her past life and her memory. Min Ho returns to Korea and becomes the heir to the family congomorate. Eun Young assumes Eun Seo’s life and pretends to be her. Min Ho meets and falls in love with Eun Seo.,7.2,10,120,"['Ha Joo Hee', 'Yoon Joo Hee', 'Sun Woo Jae Duk', 'Kim Jin Woo', 'Kim  Jung Wook', 'Choi Ryeong']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Kim Soo Ryong,Unknown
2491,"Teacher, Would You Like to Date Me?",https://mydramalist.com/68447-teacher-would-you-like-to-date-me,"Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Female Chases Male First, Student Female Lead, Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series, School Setting, High School To College, University, Student-Teacher Relationship, Student Male Lead ","Asked by a friend to teach his sister, he was taken aback when she falls in love with him and confess her love, Teacher, would you date me? How will he reject her confession, especially when she doesn't know how to give up and keep trying to win his heart?",7.2,74,3,"['Bae In Hyuk', 'Choi Ji Hui', 'Jung Min Gyu', 'Jung Hwi Young', 'Jung Mi Kyung']",G - All Ages,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2492,My Heart Flutters,https://mydramalist.com/46701-my-heart-flutters,"Romance,  Youth","School Setting, Miniseries, Web Series, Student ",Unknown,7.2,18,8,Unknown,Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
2493,New Recruit,https://mydramalist.com/711189-new-recruit,"Military,  Comedy","Soldier Male Lead, Miniseries, Web Series ","A hyper-realistic comedy depicting the story of a 'military' recruit enlisting in a place where all kinds of people, from the good to the bad to the weird, gather.(Source: HanCinema)~~ Adapted from the animation "" New Recruit"" (신병) by Jang Bbi Jju (장삐쭈).",7.2,11,10,"['Kim Min Ho', 'Jeon Seung Hun', 'Nam Tae Woo', 'Lee Sang Jin', 'Lee Jung Hyun', 'Lee Choong Goo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"ENA,  Genie TV",Min Jin Gi,"Kim Dan,  Jangbbijju"
2494,Sweet Buns,https://mydramalist.com/1468-sweet-buns,"Comedy,  Romance","Teacher Female Lead, Male Chases Female First, Enemies To Lovers, Love Triangle ","Ka Ran and Nam Joon were classmates in elementary school. Ka Ran is a tomboy who prefers trousers to skirts, and loves taekwondo more than her piano lessons. Nam Joon on the other hand is Mr. Perfect and Wonderful who's got the good looks and the fine brain. No doubt, he is the most popular guy among the girls. One day, Ka Ran witnesses the scene where Nam Joon gives away the sweet bun which he got from Ka Ran's friend to another girl. Ka Ran throws herself at Nam Joon and beats him up. From then on, their ""nightmare"" begins; their life was connected since then and even after they have left their school.They meet again when they are adults and right after breaking off with their other half. Arguments and conflicts still continued but then they realized that the other is the fated person in their life.",7.2,48,26,"['Park Kwang Hyun', 'Choi Kang Hee', 'Jung So Young', 'Jung Chan', 'Jung Han Hun', 'Park Kwang Jung']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Unknown,Unknown
2495,Travel Through Romance,https://mydramalist.com/40655-travel-through-romance,"Food,  Adventure,  Romance","Short Length Series, Traveling, Miniseries, Web Series ",Unknown,7.2,16,8,['Kim Joon Kyung'],Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Kim Sang Yoon,Unknown
2496,Afternoon in a Small City,https://mydramalist.com/72305-afternoon-in-a-small-city,Comedy,"Miniseries, Web Series ","There are companies that enforce enthusiasm, fierce competition, and human relationships for survival. There are youngsters who got tired of life in Seoul and moved to a small town. Kim Oh Hoo was working for the company to fulfill his dream, but hard work doesn't always mean that you gain what you dream of. Oh Hoo gets exhausted by the company that wants to use all his time, so he resigns from the company and leaves to a small city, where he meets Shin Na Ra, Hyun Jae, and Yeo Un Shik. While staying with them, Oh Hoo starts to think about what happiness is.(Source: WHYNOT MEDIA)",7.2,17,2,"['Do Won', 'Lee You Mi', 'Moon Ji Yong', 'Heo Jung Hee', 'Son Seung Taek']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Kim Tae Wook,Unknown
2497,End of Love,https://mydramalist.com/12855-end-of-love,Drama,Unknown,"When a chance with a rich young girl presents itself, Bae Shin Wook suddenly bets his life on her. In his ruthless pursuit to marry her even murder becomes an option. In the end is this love it really worth having?",7.2,5,130,"['Park Tam Hee', 'Kim Young Jae', 'Gu Bon Seung', 'Oh Se Jung', 'Song Jae Ho', 'Kim Young Chul']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Baek Ho Min,Kim Ji Soo
2498,Blessing of the Sea,https://mydramalist.com/31206-protect-the-king,"Comedy,  Romance,  Melodrama","Amnesia, Ophthalmological Disorder, Childhood Friends' Relationship, Workplace Setting, Pianist Male Lead, Cheerful Female Lead, Competent Male Lead, Based On Folk Story, Workplace Romance, Nice Female Lead ","The modern version of the story of Shim Chung Yi, a woman who sees the world in various colors and meets a pianist who sees the world only in black and white and finds out the secret to her lost father.(Source: HanCinema)",7.2,119,121,"['Lee So Yeon', 'Jae Hee', 'Jo An', 'Kim Hyung Min', 'Ahn Nae Sang', 'Baek Bo Ram']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Kim Yong Min,  Choi Eun Gyung",Choi Yeon Geol
2499,Rays of Sunshine,https://mydramalist.com/8997-rays-of-sunshine,"Romance,  Drama","Death Of A Father, Death, Friends To Lovers, Cohabitation, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Unrequited Love, Love Triangle, Friendship ","Yeon Woo grew up happy in a loving family. One day, her father had died mysteriously, and her mother remarried a man who was 10 years younger than her. Misfortunes never come singly. Her mother died of Wilson’s disease and her step-father ran away with money. Min Ho, an old friend of hers, is always there to comforther. Min Ho decided to be a policeman to catch a murderer who killed Yeon Woo’s father. Eun Sup came back to Korea with the sole purpose of stopping his lover Soo Ah from getting married, but Soo Ah gave him an outright denial. To make matter wose, his father sent people over to his hotel to catch him. He ran away from the hotel and he accidentally fell into the subway track and became unconscious. Yeon Woo saw the whole scene in the platform and saved his life. Eun Sup asked her if he could stay in her place temporarily since he had no place to go. So Yeon Woo, Min Ho and Eun Sup all started living in a same house.",7.2,24,16,"['Song Hye Kyo', 'Ryu Seung Beom', 'Jo Hyun Jae', 'Song Jae Ho', 'Choi Deok Moon', 'Kang Shin Il']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Kim Jong Hyeok,Jo Jung Hwa
2500,Tickle Tickle,https://mydramalist.com/724243-tickle-tickle,Romance,"Photographer Female Lead, Photographer Male Lead, Short Length Series, Photography, Miniseries, Web Series ",Unknown,7.1,13,3,"['Lee Eun Soo', 'Kim Gyeol Yu']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2501,Propose,https://mydramalist.com/8328-propose,Romance,"Childhood Friends' Relationship, Friends To Lovers, Friendship ","Kim Yu Ra and Jung Su Bin have been best friends since childhood. Yu Ra is a fairly serious-minded woman who works on tv shows as a claymation and puppet animator. Su Bin is a laid-back PV producer with a nack for getting in trouble with women due to his naivete. They have always been there for each other, though never romantically involved.As the story rolls along, this drama explores different kinds of love. Can a lifelong friendship be the basis for a lifelong love? Or is love something that comes quickly and captures the heart? Which is more important, a best friend or a new love? And will Su Bin and Yu Ra discover that their feelings for each other are truly that of friends? Or love....(Source: DramaWiki)",7.1,14,14,"['Kim Hee Sun', 'Ryu Shi Won', 'Lee Chang Hoon', 'Jung Young Sook', 'Sa Kang', 'Jo Eun Sook']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Yoon Seok Ho,Choi Yoon Jung
2502,Sunshine,https://mydramalist.com/5887-sunshine,Unknown,Unknown,Kim Yun-woo is trying to get the money for a license to become a distributor at the local harbour while living with her sea captain father and 17 year older sister. She first meets Attorney Kang Dong-suk when going to a local singing competition to earn some of the money but ends up saving him from drowning.He works on a homeshopping network in Seoul as an attorney and is dating the owners daughter; Director Choi Joon-hee. Kim Yeon-woo’s childhood friend Lee Han-su wants to be an actor and steals the money that Yeon-woo lent from his parents and so she has no choice but to follow Han-su to Seoul where she must contact Kang Dong-suk for legal advice when Lee Han-su gets scammed.,7.1,10,16,"['Kim Hyun Soo', 'Kim So Yeon', 'Kim Sung Kyum', 'Park Shi Hoo', 'Ryu Shi Won', 'Yoo  Sun']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Kim Sa Hyun,Kim In Young
2503,Chart Running Scholar,https://mydramalist.com/742391-chart-running-scholar,"Romance,  Fantasy","Scholar Male Lead, Poor Female Lead, Miniseries, Web Series, Time Travel, Nice Male Lead, Short Length Series, Costume, Sisters' Relationship, School Bullying ","A time-slip stock romance that takes place when a scholar of the Joseon Dynasty, An Ta, meets Min Ji, an MZ generation office worker, and discovers his talent for stock investment that he did not know.(Source: Hancinema)",7.1,64,6,"['New Sun', 'Seo Byuk Joon', 'Lee Hye Won', 'Lee Min Wook']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Lee Si Young,Sung Sang Min
2504,The Guys I Want to Catch,https://mydramalist.com/705677-the-guys-i-want-to-catch,Drama,"Web Series, Short Length Series, Miniseries, Bromance, Friendship ","Four rookie cops in Noryangjin, who failed their police exams, are known to all as ‘The F-4’. That’s ‘F’, as in ‘Failure’. Witness them pursuing criminals who have violated the law in varying ways. Do the bad guys even need to worry ‘The F-4’ is hot on their trails?! (Source: Soompi; Edited by Lee C)",7.1,166,10,"['Son Dong Woon', 'Niel', 'Jung Woo Seok', 'Lim Se Jun', 'Kim Hyun Mok', 'Kim Ha Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2505,School 2,https://mydramalist.com/6190-school-2,"Life,  Youth,  Drama","Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Teenager Female Lead, Teenager Male Lead, High School ",The sequel of School drama.,7.1,20,42,"['Kim Rae Won', 'Ki Tae Young', 'Jae Hee', 'Choo So Young', 'Go Ho Kyung', 'Kim Min Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS1,"Park Chan Hong,  Go Young Tak,  Lee Kang Hyun,  Han Joon Seo","Jin Soo Wan,  Kim Ji Woo,  Lee Hyang Hee"
2506,A Touch on Your Cheek,https://mydramalist.com/22796-a-touch-on-your-cheek,"Comedy,  Romance,  Fantasy",Short Length Series ,"'A Touch On Your Cheek' is a romantic Time Slip Concept comedy that combines the concept of web drama and webtoon.The characters are Kim Ji Sung who will be a gisaeng trainee, and Minsung in the body of ""Min Ho"" who is a beauty at her school and an artist.(Source: WikiDrama)",7.1,9,12,"['Kim Ji Sung', 'Minsung', 'Kim In Hwa']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
2507,Travel Through Romance Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/40659-travel-through-romance-2,"Food,  Adventure,  Romance","Short Length Series, Traveling, Miniseries, Web Series ",Unknown,7.1,9,8,"['Kim Joon Kyung', 'Kim Ha Rim', 'Seo Jeong Hee', 'Kim Young Guk']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Kim Sang Yoon,Unknown
2508,War of the Roses,https://mydramalist.com/282-war-of-the-roses-2011,"Comedy,  Romance","Married Life, Teamwork, Infidelity ","A daily drama about the crises in the life of a middle-aged couple. Lee Hae Joo is a dedicated homemaker who has already forgotten her dreams and self-value after years of marriage to her salaryman husband, Park Dae Sung. Everything, from his character, tastes, habits, and outlook on life clashes with hers, and she regrets not noticing this sooner. If Dae Sung's apathetic attitude, laziness and general disinterest wasn't unbearable enough, he is also having an affair with his co-worker, Bae Yoo Mi.",7.1,18,102,"['Kim Hye Ri', 'Oh Dae Gyu', 'Kim Shi Woon', 'Lee Hyung Chul', 'Noh Joo Hyun', 'Ji Woo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Unknown,Lee Geun Young
2509,Two Universes,https://mydramalist.com/79987-two-universes,"Romance,  Drama","Fortune-telling, Miniseries, Web Series, Fate, Love Triangle ","A fateful romance about Kim Byeol, a fatalist who is pessimistic about her fate and devoted herself to fortune telling, finding herself in front of two Woo Joos whose names are the same as her future husband's.(Source: HanCinema)",7.1,14,10,"['Lee Soo Min', 'Kim In Seong', 'Ryu Eui Hyun', 'Bae Woo Hee', 'Kim Ji Hoon', 'Park Seung Yeon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Lee Je Hee,Choi Soo Young
2510,Ugly Miss Young Ae Season 10,https://mydramalist.com/5878-ugly-miss-young-ae-season-10,Comedy,Unknown,"A drama about a fat single woman Kim Young Ae, the stress and prejudice she goes through with her seniors at work, co-workers and overtime.",7.1,6,20,"['Kim Hyun Sook', 'Ahn Jae Min', 'Kim San Ho', 'Jung Da Hye', 'Ha Yun Joo', 'Song Min Hyung']",Not Yet Rated,tvN,"Park Joon Hwa,  Han Sang Jae","Myung Soo Hyun,  Han Sul Hee"
2511,Hwarang Fighter Maru,https://mydramalist.com/12112-hwarang-fighter-maru,Adventure,Friendship ,"How would you feel if you find out that you were a brave Hwarang (an elite group of youth in Silla dynasty), 1500 years ago? You have to be under discipline, and also have the important duty to protect the nation. What would you do if that's your destiny?",7.1,6,121,"['Park Gun Woo', 'Baek Jong Min', 'Kwak Jung Wook', 'Lee Hyun Woo', 'Park Hyo Bin', 'Kim  Gyu Chul']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Unknown,Unknown
2512,Aim High,https://mydramalist.com/26806-fly-high,"Youth,  Drama","School Setting, Short Length Series, School Violence, Miniseries, High School, Web Series, Student ",This web-drama deals with school violence and delivers the message that victims of school violence can overcome their traumas with guided care and attention.  Who is the perpetrator and who is the victim? Who will heal them with trauma and guilt? The Justice team is reaching out.,7.1,7,6,"['Danny Ahn', 'Seo Shin Ae', 'Park Hae Mi', 'Jung Da Eun', 'Jeong Hee Tae', 'Jo Soo Ha']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Shin Dong Il,Jo Won Hee
2513,Model,https://mydramalist.com/3580-model,"Romance,  Drama","Fashion Designer Female Lead, Fashion Industry, Secret, Modeling, Revenge ","Song Kyung Rin is a fashion designer, but after Jo Won Joon refusal of being her model, she has a taste of being a model and decided to become a model. Lee Jung just returned to Korea from America, and he has an interest in modeling. Through fate, Lee Jung helps out Kyung Rin, and they fall in love. But behind Lee Jung returning to Korea, there is a big, deep, dark secret and a plan for revenge.(Source: DramaWiki)",7.1,32,36,"['Kim Nam Joo', 'Jang Dong Gun', 'Han Jae Suk', 'Yeom Jung Ah', 'Lee  Seon Jin', 'Song Sun Mi']",G - All Ages,SBS,Lee Kang Hoon,"Lee Kyung Hee,  Kim Kyung Hee,  Lee Seon Hee"
2514,TV Novel,https://mydramalist.com/5680-tv-novel-hometown-station,Romance,"Town Setting, Family ","When Song Jun Ho returned to his hometown after his army service, life in An-Song town picked up for Chae Sun Kyung. But things really got interesting when Sun Duk returned home.",7.1,11,174,"['Jeon Ik Ryung', 'Song Ok Sook', 'Park Joon Hyuk', 'Oh Yoo Na', 'Park Chul Ho', 'Kim Chang Sook']",Not Yet Rated,KBS1,Shin Hyun Soo,Lee Hong Goo
2515,Everyday With You,https://mydramalist.com/5523-everyday-with-you,"Romance,  Drama","Soap Opera, Family ","The stories of two families, related by marriage.",7.1,5,145,"['Jung Sun Kyung', 'Byun Woo Min', 'Jo  Min Ki', 'Shin So Mi', 'Park Eun Hye', 'Kim Chang Sook']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,MBC,Unknown,So Hyun Kyung
2516,Whenever the Heart Beats,https://mydramalist.com/12655-whenever-the-heart-beats,Romance,Unknown,Unknown,7.1,5,29,"['Tae Hyun Shil', 'Gong Yoo', 'Jung Da Hye', 'Jung Won Joong', 'Lee Yoon Sung', 'Lee Kwang Ki']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Bae Kyung Soo,"Jung Hyun Jung,  Ga Sung Jin"
2517,My Man's Woman,https://mydramalist.com/1904-my-mans-woman,"Romance,  Life,  Drama,  Melodrama","Antiheroine Female Lead, Soap Opera, Infidelity, Marriage, Love Triangle ","Kim Hee Ae will portray a woman who is having an affair with a married man. She is Lee Hwa Young, a woman who doesn't feel guilty even after stealing her friend's husband",7.1,94,24,"['Kim Sang Joong', 'Bae Jong Ok', 'Kim Hee Ae', 'Seo Woo Rim', 'Park Ji Bin', 'Lee Jong Won']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Jung Eul Young,Kim Soo Hyun
2518,Hometown Legends,https://mydramalist.com/944-hometown-legends-2009,"Horror,  Supernatural","Ghost, Anthology, Miniseries, Suspense ","Hometown Legends (2009) is the continuation of a classic series of ghost stories which first aired on KBS between 1977 and 1989 and later between 1996 and 1999. After a successful return in 2008, KBS decided to do another series of one-act dramas.Each episode is an individual Ghost Story:Episode 1: 혈귀 (Hyeolgwi) / Blood Ghost / Vampire / Kiss of the VampireEpisode 2: 죽도의 한 (Jukdoui Han) / The Regrets of Bamboo Knife / The Grudge IslandEpisode 3: 계집종 (Gyejibjong) / Servant / Come with me to HellEpisode 4: 목각귀 (Mokgakgwi) / Wood Ghost / The Wooden DollEpisode 5: 씨받이(Sshibachi) / Surrogate MotherEpisode 6: 금서 (Geumseo) / Forbidden BookEpisode 7: 조용한 마을 (Joyonghan Maeul) / Silent VillageEpisode 8: 구미호 (Gumiho) / Fox with Nine TailsEpisode 9: 묘정의 구슬 (Myo Jeongui Guseul) / Myo Jeong's PearlEpisode 10: 가면귀 (Gamyeongwi) / The Mask's Eye / The Masked Ghost",7.1,162,10,"['Jang Hee Jin', 'Lee Jong Won', 'Choi Jin Hyuk', 'Kim Sung Eun', 'Jeon Hye Bin', 'Ahn Jae Mo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,"Lee Eung Bok,  Kim Jung Min,  Hong Seok Goo,  Lee Min Hong,  Kim Jung Min,  Shin Hyun Soo,  No Sang Hoon",Chae Hye Young
2519,More Charming By The Day,https://mydramalist.com/1159-more-charming-by-the-day,"Comedy,  Romance,  Family,  Sitcom","Marriage, Irresponsible Husband, Bankruptcy, Financial Scandal ","Song Ok Sook's husband walked out their family after his business went bankrupt. For the past 15 years she has raised her three daughters up to the best of her abilities. Her husband comes back into their lives and acts as if nothing's happened. To make matters worst, her eldest daughter, Ji Won, who is a doctor, tells her that she wants to marry Sung Soo, a man who she doesn't like.(DW)",7.1,142,138,"['Song Ok Sook', 'Ye Ji Won', 'Choi Yeo Jin', 'Im Ha Ryong', 'Kim Sung Soo', 'Han Sun Hwa']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Unknown,"Yang Hee Seung,  Choi Jin Won,  Hong Bo Hee"
2520,Secret Crushes,https://mydramalist.com/22237-unrequited-love-season-1,"Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Secret Crush, Unrequited Love, Misunderstanding, Web Series, School Setting, Short Length Series, Student ","Under the overall theme of unrequited love and having a crush on someone unattainable, the drama tells stories of various happenings that can arise in such relationships. The stories are told from the perspectives of both men and women as if they were written from an omniscient point-of-view, which allows viewers to sympathize with both sides and adds another layer to seemingly ordinary incidents between men and women.(Source: OnDemandKorea)",7.1,67,21,"['Park Sun Woo', 'Jo Ki Sung', 'Kim Yoo Min', 'Kim Hye Yoon']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
2521,Mr. Lee,https://mydramalist.com/709693-mr-lee,"Mystery,  Romance","Investigation, Detective Fiction, Detective Male Lead, Secret, Miniseries, Death, Web Series, Murder ","Six friends gathered at Eunjoo and Kyungho's engagement party. In a strange vibe flowing...the groom-to-be dies. And, a detective 'Mr. LEE' who doesn't look like a detective, appears. All five are suspects. I can watch the CCTV footage of the crime scene?!(Source: tv.kakao)",7.1,8,5,"['Park Geon Il', 'Shin Yeon Suh', 'Im Hyun Joo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Daum Kakao TV,Unknown,Unknown
2522,Tokyo Shower,https://mydramalist.com/1225-tokyo-shower,Romance,"Chef Male Lead, Actress Female Lead, Flashback To Past, Second Chance Romance, Miniseries, Food ","Lee Soo Jin is an actress that used to run away from her problems before getting famous. While filming a difficult commercial shoot, she gets scared and runs away. While on the run from her management company, she meets and grows to love Hyun Soo, a sushi chef from Korea living in Japan. She also befriends Eun Bi (an aspiring singer) and Park Sang Gil (a college student) both of whom are trying to make as Korean expatriates in Japan. Seven years have passed since Soo Jin last saw Hyun Soo and she can't forget about him.",7.1,146,4,"['Kim Sa Rang', 'Kim Tae Woo', 'Jin Goo', 'Otani Ryohei', 'Ivy', 'Yamamoto Gaku']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Lee Joon Hyeong,Kim Jin Hee
2523,Winter Bird,https://mydramalist.com/939-winter-bird,Romance,Unknown,"Young Eun lived with a family ever since she was an orphan and then fell in love with Do Hyun who is 5 years older than her. However, Do Hyun's family did not approve of Do Hyun dating Young Eun. As a result, Young Eun eventually left Do Hyun and marries a doctor, Joo Kyung Woo. Although Kyung Woo acts like a gentleman, he is actually a mama's boy with multiple and complicated personalities. Though he treats Young Eun well, he believes everything his mother tells him and will turn on Young Eun at any moment. Jin Ah is a pediatric medical resident and falls for Do Hyun. But she is unsure of his relationship with Young Eun. Do Hyun decides to marry Jin Ah and after the wedding, Young Eun has had enough of Kyung Woo's mother. She decides to leave Kyung Woo. What will happen between Do Hyun and Young Eun? Will they realize they can't leave without the other?",7.1,72,43,"['Yoon Sang Hyun', 'Park Sun Young', 'Hwang Jung Eum', 'Lee Tae Gon', 'Park Joon Hyuk', 'Lee Da Jin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Jung Se Ho,Unknown
2524,Did We Really Love?,https://mydramalist.com/7348-did-we-really-love,"Romance,  Life,  Drama",Unknown,"This story is about three people, Jae Ho, Shi Yung and Suk Ho. Jae Ho and his sister Jae Young are abandoned by their mother to escape poverty. Because of this, Jae Ho doesn't understand what love is. And so, he has a dream of becoming rich, thinking that there is no such thing as love, only money. He works hard his whole life while supporting himself and his sister through college. He works at a seafood wholesale market selling crabs to vendors. He lives with his aunt who has taken him and his sister in after their mother abandoned them.With his big dreams and ambitions, he pretends to be rich while in school, in order to gain the attention of Hyun Su, who is from a very rich family. Thus, he tries to get her to like him so he can marry into her family and become rich. But during this process, he falls in love with his Psychology teacher, Shi Yung. He battles with his feelings and his ambitions, and ultimately picks love over money. Even though they go through hardship, he realizes that he couldn't survive without both, and so he gives up on Shi Yung for money and wishes her happiness.",7.1,33,44,"['Bae Yong Joon', 'Kim Hye Soo', 'Yoon Son Ha', 'Lee Jae Ryong', 'Park  Sang Min', 'Lee Na Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Lee Joo Hwan,  Park Jong",Noh Hee Kyung
2525,"Life of Jung, Lee, Ro, and Woon",https://mydramalist.com/710733-life-of-jung-lee-ro-and-woon,"Life,  Political","Short Length Series, Web Series ","""Life of Assemblyman Jung, Lee, Ro, and Woon"" depicts the story of four friends who are elementary school classmates meeting later in life as a provincial councillor. The series was made so that the citizens of the province could easily understand the role of the metropolitan council and the legislative activities of the provincial council.(Source:  Reddit.com)",7.1,20,15,"['Kang Hui', 'Yoo Hye In', 'Jung Jun Hwan', 'Im Hwi Jin']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2526,Case Cell Division,https://mydramalist.com/688531-case-cell-division,"Business,  Comedy,  Romance",Miniseries ,"Case Cell Division is a special drama that recounts the various desires of people living in fake life tamed by SNS, and the conflict and harm caused by it. It depicts the process of protagonists living in false exaggerated lives like countless advertisements and videos randomly spreading through SNS, seeking their true self and real love.(Source: MyDramaList)",7.1,11,3,"['Ham Eun Jung', 'Park Geon Il', 'Han Chae Kyung', 'Kim Seung Hyun']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,DramaX,Unknown,Unknown
2527,Into the Sun,https://mydramalist.com/2281-into-the-sun,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama",Unknown,"Lieutenant senior Kang Seok-min(Kwon Sang-woo) joined the navy to follow in his dead father's footsteps, with the dream of becoming an admiral. At the hospital where Seok-min's sister, Soo-jin(Kim Jung-hwa), a young doctor who is still an intern, Seok-min runs into Hae-rin, a female doctor at the hospital. He tries to get close to Hye-rin(Myung Sae-bin) but she has shut others out since her boyfriend from college died. Hae-rin's senior from the medical school Seung-ha, who is also the son of the director of the hospital, has been in love with Hae-rin since the college days. However, he could only love her from afar since his friend confessed his love first. After the death of his friend, Seung-ha plays the role of a guardian for Hae-rin, but only to win her love. Seok-min's honest and yet impulsive behavior throws Hae-rin off. Nevertheless, ever since Seok-min gets involved in a critical situation on the naval base Hae-rin finds her heart drawn to Seok-min...",7.1,104,20,"['Kwon Sang Woo', 'Myung Se Bin', 'Kim Jung Hwa', 'Oh Joo Eun', 'Jung Tae Woo', 'Jung Sung Hwan']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Unknown,Unknown
2528,I Love You,https://mydramalist.com/5742-i-love-you-2012,Romance,Unknown,"A drama about three different high school students who reunite in their 30+ and see each other’s different life, joys and sorrows.",7.1,15,100,"['Lee Jae Hwang', 'Yoon Hae Young', 'Yoon Ji Min', 'Park Hyuk Kwon', 'Ahn Suk Hwan', 'Song Ok Sook']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Shin Kyung Soo,Lee Hye Seon
2529,Bubble Up,https://mydramalist.com/680629-bubble-up,"Romance,  Life,  Youth,  Drama","Miniseries, Web Series, University, School Setting, Short Length Series, Strong Female Lead ","Bubble up tells the stories of young university students from two competing schools, who decide to open a joint youtube channel representing the student bodies of both universities. Kim Se Woon, a second year business student at Dae Han University. The character is known for his bright and generous personality, but he feels envy toward the more confident and straightforward On Ha Young. (Source: Allkpop)",7.1,15,10,"['Kim So Hee', 'Kim Young Bin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2530,Goodbye My Love,https://mydramalist.com/1453-goodbye-my-love,"Romance,  Drama","Nice Female Lead, Forbidden Love, Playboy Male Lead, Character Development ","Min Su saved Gi Tae's life 13 years ago. In return, Gi Tae's wealthy father hired Min Su to keep Gi Tae out of trouble. Min Su is extremely loyal to Gi Tae, but Gi Tae is a spoiled playboy. Yeon Ju works in a cosmetic factory with Jung Ae. One night, Min Su and Gi Tae meet Yeon Ju and Jung Ae at a nightclub and they try to impress each other by telling lies, which they later regret.(Source: DramaWiki)",7.1,42,16,"['Ahn Jae Wook', 'Kim Hee Sun', 'Jung Joon Ho', 'Lee Tae Ran', 'Joo Hyun', 'Yoo  Joon Sang']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,"Bae Jong,  Lee Chang Soon",Jo Myung Joo
2531,Convenience Store Junkies,https://mydramalist.com/734247-convenience-store-junkies,Drama,"Convenience Store Setting, Part-time Worker Female Lead, Short Length Series, Web Series ","""Working part-time is better than being the store manager.""A convenience store drama about Ha Ru who became a part-timer with 9 years of experience with customers and newbie store managers.(Source: HanCinema)",7.1,32,20,"['Park Eun Woo', 'Kim Ji Woong', 'Seo Woo Jin']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Kim Joon Mo,Unknown
2532,Daddy's Sorry,https://mydramalist.com/3366-daddys-sorry,Drama,"Miniseries, Family ","A 3-episode drama in celebration of establishing general service channel, Chosun TV.",7.1,10,3,"['Yang Hee Kyung', 'Kim Yeong Cheol', 'Lee Young Eun', 'Heo Young Ran', 'Jung Joon', 'Lee Min Woo']",Not Yet Rated,TV Chosun,Kwon Hyuk Chan,Kim Soo Hyun
2533,Father and Sons,https://mydramalist.com/9677-father-and-sons,"Drama,  Family,  Melodrama",Unknown,Unknown,7.1,7,30,"['Joo Hyun', 'Kim Myung Min', 'Choi Chul Ho', 'Lee Jong Soo', 'Sun Woo Eun Sook', 'Kim Young Ok']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Unknown,Unknown
2534,Sleepless in Love,https://mydramalist.com/31626-sleepless-in-love,"Romance,  Youth","School Setting, Short Length Series, Eccentric Female Lead, Sweet Male Lead, University, Miniseries, Web Series, Student ",Four men and women can't sleep because of love. (Source: ARIRANG K-POP on YouTube),7.1,137,6,"['Yang Yoo Jin', 'Lee So Hee', 'Cho Min Ho', 'Oh Ji Woon', 'Park E Hyun']",Not Yet Rated,vLive,Unknown,Unknown
2535,Beijing My Love,https://mydramalist.com/3577-beijing-my-love,Romance,Unknown,Na Min Kook was a spoiled brat and was sent by his father to his company branch office in China to learn the business. He ran away and befriended a Chinese student Yang Xue and her family. Friendship blossomed into love and Na Min Kook gradually learned to be a responsible person worthy of his father's expectations.(Source: DramaWiki),7.1,11,20,"['Kim Jae Won', 'Han Chae Young', 'Sun Fei Fei', 'Lee Eol', 'Jeon Yang Ja', 'Chun Jung Myung']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Unknown,Unknown
2536,When A Man Loves A Woman,https://mydramalist.com/1229-when-a-man-loves-a-woman,"Romance,  Drama","Bodyguard Male Lead, Love Square, Unrequited Love ","After the death of his mom, Ji Hoon moves into the home of Mr. Seo. Ji Hoon falls in love at first sight with Mr. Seo's daughter, In Hye. Ji Hoon also becomes good friends with Seok Hyeon. But one day, In Hye decides to leave home for Seoul to pursue her dream of becoming an accomplished cellist, without telling Ji Hoon. Seok Hyeon also decides to move to Seoul after he learns that he is the love child of President Kang, a wealthy hotel magnate. When Ji Hoon finds out that In Hye left for Seoul without even saying goodbye, he finds his way to Seoul to find her. One day, while Ji Hoon is riding the subway, Jung Woo takes a liking to him and decides to steal his wallet to get his attention. Through this incident, Ji Hoon gets to know Jung Woo and settles down in Seoul by enrolling in the same bodyguard school that Jung Woo is attending. The bodyguard training school finds a part-time job for Ji Hoon and Jung Woo, which is an assignment to guard President Kang for one day. JinHoon protects President Kang at an evening party hosted by Kang himself, and by coincidence, he also meets In Hye and Seok Hyeon. The fates of four young people become hopelessly intertwined after this fateful meeting.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.1,92,16,"['Go Soo', 'Park Ye Jin', 'Park Jung Ah', 'Bae Soo Bin', 'Jung Dong Hwan', 'Lee Bo Hee']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Unknown,Unknown
2537,Idol in My Living Room,https://mydramalist.com/741705-idol-in-my-living-room,"Romance,  Youth,  Melodrama","Fan Female Lead, Postgraduate Student Female Lead, Professor Supporting Character, Idol Male Lead, Foreigner Female Lead, Tourism, Language Learning, Miniseries, Cohabitation, Web Series ","""Idol in My Living Room"" is a youth melodrama that unfolds when Joy, an excellent student at Sejong Institute, and Yeo One, a Hallyu idol, accidentally end up living in the same house.(Source: Korean = news.naver.com || Translation = MyDramaList)",7.1,99,10,"['Yeo One', 'Kang Ji Hu', 'Ji Gun Woo', 'Yang Jung Yeon', 'Kim Nu Rim', 'Jang Hye Ri']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Seo Kyung Guk,Unknown
2538,TV Novel,https://mydramalist.com/4379-tv-novel-love-my-love,"Romance,  Melodrama","Fraternal Twin Female Lead, Soap Opera, 1960s, 1970s ",A love drama about two men in love with half-sisters but raised like real twin sisters in the setting of the 60s to the 70s.(Source: HanCinema),7.1,28,175,"['Kim San Ho', 'Oh Chang Seok', 'Hwang Sun Hee', 'Song Chae Yun', 'Kim Young Ok', 'Lee Il Hwa']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Lee Duk Gun,"Jung Hyun Min,  Son Ji Hye"
2539,101st Proposal,https://mydramalist.com/776-101st-proposal,Romance,MDL Remake ,"Perennial bachelor Park Dal Jae has gone on more marriage blind dates than he can count, but he still can't find a wife. It's a tough market since he's not young, good-looking, or rich, but he's got his heart in the right place. On his 100th date, he finally meets the perfect girl, 29-year-old announcer Han Soo Jung.The death of her first love, Chan Hyuk, has put Soo Jung's life at a standstill. Her aunt badgers her into going on a blind date with Dal Jae, and Soo Jung is amazed that he says exactly the same words Chan Hyuk had said when he proposed to her.She gets angry when she later learns that he'd been coached by his younger brother. Soo Jung tries to keep treating him coldly, but Dal Jae's pure-hearted naivete makes her smile. As Soo Jung gradually opens up to him, Dal Jae becomes hopeful that she'll someday return his feelings. But then Woo Suk, who looks exactly like Chan Hyuk, suddenly appears in Soo Jung's life.",7.1,135,15,"['Lee Moon Shik', 'Park Sun Young', 'Song Chang Eui', 'Choi Ran', 'Lee Joong Moon', 'Kim Jong Suk']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Jang Tae Yoo,"Choi Wan Kyu,  Yoon Young Mi"
2540,Rules of Love,https://mydramalist.com/2122-rules-of-love,Romance,"Photographer Male Lead, Reporter Female Lead, Break Up, Naive Female Lead, Infidelity, Heartbreak, Love Square, Contract Relationship ","Han Jae Min, a budding photographer, is in love with Seo Hee Won. As an ELLE reporter, she spends most of her time at Lee Seo Jun's photography studio Conan. Jae Min starts dating the perpetual exam taker Kim Geun Young, whose brother works at Conan, to get a job there. The naive girl that she is, Geun Young falls right into his plot.Jae Min's schemes are successful, and then he tries to break things off with Geun Young, the girlfriend he never wanted. Geun Young, however, wants revenge for being used and isn't ready to let him go. She makes him sign a break-up contract. He must stay and help her get over him until she's ready to let him go. As Geun Young lets him go little by little, Jae Min falls for her little by little. Unfortunately for Jae Min, Lee Seo Jun also falls for Geun Young and isn't afraid to show it.",7.1,70,16,"['Kim Min Jong', 'Choi Kang Hee', 'Shim Ji Ho', 'Kim Ah Joong', 'Moon  Ji Yoon', 'Lee Kyung Jin']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Unknown,Unknown
2541,Love Twist,https://mydramalist.com/712413-love-twist,"Family,  Melodrama","Family Relationship, Love Triangle ",Witness the sweet changes of heart for three inter-generational families over the love between a very special couple. (Source: Korean = Naver || Translation = MyDramaList),7.1,188,103,"['Ham Eun Jung', 'Kim Jin Yeop', 'Hwang Shin Hye', 'Yoon Da Hoon', 'Shim Hye Jin', 'Son Sung Yoon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Kim Won Yong,Lee Eun Joo
2542,My Sister,https://mydramalist.com/753651-my-sister,Romance,"Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series ",Unknown,7.1,39,10,Unknown,Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2543,Moment,https://mydramalist.com/25996-moment,"Comedy,  Romance","Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series ",Unknown,7.1,26,10,"['Lee Ga Won', 'Shon Min Ho']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
2544,Love Your Korea Glow,https://mydramalist.com/32553-love-your-korea-glow,"Business,  Romance","Short Length Series, Overbearing CEO, Miniseries, Web Series, Love Triangle ",Kim Soo is the representative of the best Korean clothing brand. Kang Yoo Na is a designer who works for the company. They meet and fall in love.,7.1,78,8,"['Kim Bo Ra', 'Park Sun Ho', 'Baek Seung Do']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
2545,First Love Story Pilot,https://mydramalist.com/749291-first-love-story-pilot,"Romance,  Youth","School Setting, Short Length Series, University, Miniseries, Web Series, First Love, Friendship ",Unknown,7.1,5,2,"['Jeon Hee Jin', 'Kim Hyun Jin', 'Jo Ha Seul', 'Kim Jong Hun', 'Choi Dae Soo']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2546,72 Seconds,https://mydramalist.com/32453-72-seconds,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life","Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series ","Strange and hilarious, and heartwarming in turns, this Korean series of shorts plunges you deep into the everyday awkwardness of a single guy struggling to adult successfully.(Source: AsianCrush)",7.1,43,8,"['Jin Kyung Hwan', 'Pyo Ye Jin', 'Jang Hee Ryung', 'Hong Tae Sun', 'Kim Kyung Hwan', 'Lee Sun Joo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Jin Kyung Hwan,Unknown
2547,Stormy Lovers,https://mydramalist.com/1213-stormy-lovers,"Romance,  Drama",Unknown,"Shin Eun Hye is disabled, but her beautiful heart and permanently sunny personality earned her the fond description of being a 'happy virus.' She dreams of studying in Seoul, and with the help of Madam Min Hye Sung, the head of Sorabol Hotel, Eun Hye becomes her grandson Philip's tutor and was able to read many books in the rich old lady's library. She later falls in love with Min Hye Sung's ambitious oldest grandson, Lee Hyung Chul, and begins a trial of love and hardships that she must face on her way towards achieving both physical and spiritual healing.",7.1,23,69,"['Choi Eun Seo', 'Lee Jae Yoon', 'Choi Won Young', 'Jeong Bo Seok', 'Lee Tae Ri', 'Jung Chan']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,"Go Dong Sun,  Kwon Sung Chang",Na Yun Sook
2548,Jang Gil San,https://mydramalist.com/3576-jang-gil-san,Historical,Unknown,"Jang Gil San was a legendary hero, born to a runaway slave and raised by entertainers, who dreamt of a nation for the common people. This is a historic drama that energetically and realistically depicts the achievements of Gil-San, who was widely known to have saved poor commoners by stealing from wealthy fovernment officials during the joseon Dynastry. This drama is the third in a series by SBS featuring chilvarous thieves, following Im Kkeok Jung and Hong Gil Dong. (DramaWiki)",7.1,12,50,"['Han Go Eun', 'Yoo Oh Sung', 'Lee Ja Young', 'Kim Young Ho', 'Kim Byung Se', 'Seo Beom Seok']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Park Kyung Ryul,Lee Hee Woo
2549,My Rocket Ship,https://mydramalist.com/724657-my-rocket-ship,"Business,  Life,  Youth,  Drama","Startup, Entrepreneur Male Lead, Short Length Series, Chasing A Dream, Miniseries, Web Series ","Gong Ji Hoon, CEO of an AI art collection startup, will participate in ""Constar IR Day,"" the last opportunity for the business. Kim Jae Hee, the youngest director of Constar, gets involved with Gong Ji Hoon in a public and private way... Gradually, work and love coexist.(Source: Kpopmap.com)",7.1,20,8,"['Kim Ji Hoon', 'Moon Kang Hyuk', 'Oh Se Young', 'Cha Joo Young']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
2550,Mr. Hashtag,https://mydramalist.com/32491-mr-hashtag,"Comedy,  Life,  Youth","Student Supporting Character, Student Male Lead, School Setting, Young Adult Male Lead, Short Length Series, University, Miniseries, Web Series ",Going back to college after a few years off is a #struggle. Follow Tae Gu and his friends as they try to get back into the groove of classes and dating while making grand #discoveries every day.(Source: AsianCrush),7.1,26,6,['Im Tu Cheol'],Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2551,Here He Comes,https://mydramalist.com/2130-here-he-comes,"Comedy,  Romance,  Sitcom",Family ,Lee Moon Shik and Seo Young Hee are siblings who lost each other and then they both got amnesia. Young Hee went on to become a famous actress and her brother became a chef.,7.1,7,97,"['Lee Moon Shik', 'Seo Young Hee', 'Lee Soo Na', 'Jun Jin', 'Lee Kwang Soo', 'Kim Min Ji']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Unknown,"Lee Eun Young,  Son Geun Joo,  Kwak Kyung Yoon"
2552,Fantasy Tower,https://mydramalist.com/7460-fantasy-tower,"Thriller,  Mystery,  Drama,  Fantasy","Anthology, Miniseries, Investigation, Suspense ","An anthology fantasy drama which holds various imaginations, mysteries and thrillers.",7.1,22,8,"['Nam Sung Jin', 'Lee Ha Rin', 'Kang Sung Jin', 'Jo Dal Hwan', 'Sa Hee', 'Song Jae Rim']",Not Yet Rated,tvN,Kim Ki Ho,Unknown
2553,Wannabe U,https://mydramalist.com/68533-wannabe-u,"Music,  Life,  Youth","School Setting, Pianist Female Lead, Singer Female Lead, Singing, Miniseries, Web Series, Friendship ","Han Seo Ha is a bright and cheerful girl in 3rd year of middle school. She dreams of entering Hanlim Multi Art School because she loves singing. But she’s always compared to her older sister Seo Jin.  Seo Jin is a sophomore in Practical Music department in Hanlim Multi Art School. She has an aura of a girl group center. She’s excellent at playing piano, but she isn’t as good as Seo Ha when it comes to singing. Cha Su Ho is a sophomore in Hanlim, his speciality is piano and vocals. He’s tall and good-looking. He has all female students attention, but he isn’t interested in any of them. Do Chae Ah is a sophomore in Hanlim. She receives attention from teachers and students because of her skills and looks. She is always unhappy with Seo Jin. Ban Da Yul is Seo Ha’s best friend, she always carries tarot cards with her and chants strange spells.",7.1,121,6,"['Ju Yeon Ha', 'Jo Ye Young', 'Nam Do Hyon', 'Lee Jin Woo']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
2554,Kkangsooni,https://mydramalist.com/9083-kkangsooni,Life,"Family, Friendship ",Unknown,7.1,8,84,"['Lee Hong Ki', 'Jang Ki Beom', 'Maeng Sang Hoon', 'Lee Il Hwa', 'Choi Ran', 'Chun Ho Jin']",Not Yet Rated,EBS,Unknown,Unknown
2555,Miss Mamma Mia,https://mydramalist.com/13129-miss-mamma-mia,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama",Single Female Lead ,"The drama’s about a young single mother raising a five-year-old daughter on her own, maintaining a positive attitude while working part-time jobs.",7.1,9,12,"['Kang  Byul', 'Han Go Eun', 'Shim Hyung Tak', 'Seo Do Young', 'Jang Young Nam', 'Cha Seo Won']",Not Yet Rated,KBS1,Kim Jong Chang,Park Sung Jin
2556,Re,https://mydramalist.com/696099-re-search,"Life,  Youth","Short Length Series, Chasing A Dream, Miniseries, Web Series, Friendship ",Unknown,7.1,8,7,['Son Jung Hun'],Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2557,Happiness,https://mydramalist.com/1138-happiness-2008,"Business,  Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Workplace Setting, Workplace Romance, Nice Female Lead, Secondary Couple, Forbidden Love, Rich Female Lead, Sassy Female Lead, Secret Relationship, Boxing, Rich Woman/Poor Man ","Park Seo Yoon's family is very successful but Seo Yoon does not flaunt her wealth around. Instead she pretends that she's an ordinary girl and not a spoiled rich girl. She works really hard to get into her father's company so that other co-workers will see that she worked her way to the top instead of getting help from her daddy. She dates Lee Joon Soo and doesn't tell him that she comes from a wealthy family, not even when he wants to meet her family.",7.1,90,58,"['Kim Hyo Jin', 'Lee Hoon', 'Lee Jong Won', 'Ha Seok Jin', 'Lee Eun Sung', 'Chae Young In']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Jang Yong Woo,Kim Jung Soo
2558,What Happened to Mirae?,https://mydramalist.com/36133-what-happened-to-mirae,"Romance,  Drama,  Fantasy","Short Length Series, Time Loop, Older Man/Younger Woman, Miniseries, Web Series, Fate, Filmed Abroad ",A story of a college student named Han Mi Rae who gets stuck in a time loop on the last day of her trip to Japan after meeting a guy named Dong Joon.(Source: MyDramaList),7.1,49,9,"['Han Yi Su', 'Kang In']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2559,The Witch's Eye,https://mydramalist.com/736949-beauty,"Romance,  Drama,  Fantasy","Karma, Past Life, Miniseries, Web Series ","Strange things happen to influencer Han Da Bit from Anyeon University, starting with the nightmare that she has one day. Then one day, she sees Do Hee, a senior she runs into at school, and Da Bit feels a strange attraction. Da Bit, who follows her out of curiosity about Do Hee, enters a unique tarot shop.(Source: hancinema.net)",7.1,59,5,"['Im Na Young', 'Ahn Je Na', 'Jun.Q', 'Jung Joon Ho', 'Jung Ae Yun', 'Kim Yae Lim']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
2560,Pure Heart,https://mydramalist.com/9084-pure-heart,"Mystery,  Romance","Detective Supporting Character, Investigation ","Lee Chan Suk is a cautious and intelligent law-inforcement agent who is in pursuit of crime suspect Kang Hyun Gee. Hyun Gee's biological sister, Han Sae Jin, was raised as an only child by her weathly adopted family. At first, Chan Suk uses Sae Jin as bait to capture Hyun Gee, but over time he begins to fall for her pure heart.",7.1,20,16,"['Ryu Jin', 'Lee Jong Won', 'Lee Yo Won', 'Han Jae Suk', 'Park Joon Hyuk', 'Lee Jung Yong']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Unknown,Lee Kyung Hee
2561,Teacher Oh Soon Nam,https://mydramalist.com/23131-teacher-oh-soon-nam,"Life,  Youth,  Drama,  Melodrama","School Setting, Teacher Female Lead, Family Relationship, Infidelity, Death, Birth Secret, Student ","Oh Soon Nam is a teacher at a traditional Korean school called Jeokhyeonjae, where she nurtures students’ aspirations like a friend. But one day, Soon Nam’s life crumbled down with the sudden loss of Jeokhyeonjae and her daughter Joon Yeong. Soon Nam embarks on an investigation to punish the people behind her daughter’s death and finds that she must choose between revenge and the values she has lived by all her life. This TV show revolves around a female teacher at a traditional Korean school who is also married to the sole descendant of a head family clan that comes with heavy responsibilities. Then tragedy strikes her. However, in memory of her daughter, she transforms into a person that people admire for her strength and perseverance in the face of adversity.(Source: MBC)",7.1,59,129,"['Park Shi Eun', 'Jang Seung Jo', 'Gu Bon Seung', 'Han Soo Yeon', 'Sam Hammington', 'Seol Jung Hwan']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,"Kim Yong Min,  Choi Eun Gyung",Choi Yeon Geol
2562,You're Only Mine,https://mydramalist.com/8792-youre-only-mine,"Romance,  Drama,  Family",Unknown,The daughter of a poor widow overcomes her troubles and starts a new life after she gets involved with a terrible crime committed by a son and mother blinded by desire.,7.1,30,121,"['Han Da Min', 'Song  Jae Hee', 'Lee Min Young', 'Jung Sung Hwan', 'Sun Woo Eun Sook', 'Yoo So Young']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Kim Jung Min,Ma Joo Hee
2563,Orange,https://mydramalist.com/5868-orange,"Comedy,  Romance,  Sitcom",Unknown,"This sitcom revolves around the ambitions, passions and relationships of a group of young people who work as lifeguards at a water theme park. It also deals with issues of water safety.",7.1,18,72,"['Rain', 'Han Da Gam', 'Lee Jong Soo', 'Jang Geun Suk', 'Park Hee Jin', 'Ahn Sun Young']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Unknown,Jun Hyun Jin
2564,Typically Women,https://mydramalist.com/5899-typically-women,"Comedy,  Romance","Workplace Setting, Female Centered Plot, Office Worker Female Lead, Divorced Female Lead, Going Through A Divorce, Social Issues, Strong Female Lead ","A drama about the lives and loves of three women: Na Yoon Joo, Mo Seol Hee, and Song Joo Nam, all of whom dream of living a better life and stepping outside their boring, mundane existences. Na Yoon Joo, divorced, dreams of breaking free of her divorcee status and date freely. Mo Seol Hee is described by everyone as a “Gold Miss”, and she’d much rather be rid of that image. And Song Joo Nam is a married woman who is tired of being the superwoman of the household.",7.1,12,13,"['Hwang  In Young', 'Oh Joo Eun', 'Jung Yang', 'Choi Seung Kyung', 'Kang Ji Hoo', 'Jung Yi Ahn']",Not Yet Rated,E-Channel,Unknown,Unknown
2565,Fatal Promise,https://mydramalist.com/55677-dangerous-promise,"Romance,  Drama,  Family,  Melodrama","Strong Female Lead, Revenge, Nice Male Lead, Conglomerate, Death Of A Mother, Doctor Female Lead, Death Of A Father, Promise, Supportive Parent, Flashback To Past ","Cha Eun Dong has always been an upright citizen who has stood up against injustices. Coming from humble beginnings, she has also practiced patience. Unfortunately one day her family is cast into turbulence after she is betrayed by the one person she confides in. After being brutally deceived, Eun Dong is reborn by the burning fire of vengeance as she swears retribution. In contrast, Kang Tae In has always been a rational man of morals who has always kept his word. Starting as a lowly employee to now the chairman of F Sports Group, he has only depended on himself for a better life. The one promise he has broken was the one he made to Eun Dong, after having to choose between her and his chance for greatness. (Source: KOCOWA)",7.1,198,104,"['Park Ha Na', 'Go Se Won', 'Kang Tae Sung', 'Park Young Rin', 'Lee Chang Wook', 'Kim Hye Ji']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Kim Shin Il,Ma Joo Hee
2566,I Want to Do It with You,https://mydramalist.com/30472-i-want-to-do-it-with-you,"Romance,  Life,  Drama","Break Up, Miniseries, Infidelity, Friends To Lovers, Web Series, Friendship ","A web series that deals with the wants and desires of people who want to be together, but for some reason do not have the courage or just are not, and how they overcome their difficulties and fear to find love.",7.1,140,8,['Jang Yu Bin'],15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2567,Two Mothers,https://mydramalist.com/9845-two-mothers,"Romance,  Drama,  Family,  Melodrama",Revenge ,"Hwa Yeong believes that Yeon Hee, her brother's ex-girlfriend, drove him to his death. When the unhappily married Yeon Hee is diagnosed with uterine cancer, Hwa Yeong volunteers to become a surrogate mother for her, all the while planning her revenge. Hwa Yeong conceives and gives birth, lets Yeon Hee raise the child, then destroys Yeon Hee by trying to take the child back. Later, Yeon Hee tries her best to get her child back. Yeon Hee's husband regrets letting Yeon Hee go.(Source: Wikipedia)",7.1,177,102,"['Jang Seo Hee', 'Hwang Dong Joo', 'Lee Chae Young', 'Bu Bae', 'Park Joon Geum', 'Lee Jung Hoon']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Kwak Gi Won,Hwang Soon Young
2568,Modern Housewives,https://mydramalist.com/1157-modern-housewives,Drama,Miniseries ,"Kim Ho Jin will play Heo Myung Pil, an elite newspaper reporter but an immature and irresponsible husband. Kang Sung Yun will play Gyung Gook Hee, a bright and valiant wife.Along with the two, Kim Tae Yun will play Lim Tae Ran who is a successful scenario writer who possesses both fortune and fame, she is considered an ideal female figure in today's society, and Kim Nam Jin will play the college student, Seok Doo, who receives the love of many wives.",7.1,25,10,"['Kim Nam Jin', 'Kang Sung Yun', 'Kim Tae Yeon', 'Kim Ho Jin', 'Im Dae Ho', 'Sa Kang']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Unknown,Unknown
2569,Ji Woon Soo's Stroke of Luck,https://mydramalist.com/3997-ji-woon-soos-stroke-of-luck,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life",Lottery Winner ,Ji Woon Soo is an ordinary salary man who has no luck in his life. This all changes after Ji Woon Soo wins the lottery.,7.1,7,20,"['Im Chang Jung', 'Lee Moon Shik', 'Kang Jae Sub', 'Yoo Jae Myung', 'Shin Seo Hyun', 'Moon Ji Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,TV Chosun,"Moon Woo Sung,  Oh Sang Hoon",Unknown
2570,Love Me When You Can,https://mydramalist.com/5400-love-me-when-you-can,Romance,Unknown,"After discovering her husband's affair, Oh Sun Ae (Ha Hee Ra) tries to start a new life, but when the past (along with the new woman) just won't go away, moving on is not easy. Still, Oh Sun Ae is determined.",7.1,4,169,"['Kim Yoon Seok', 'Ha Hee Ra', 'Lee Min Jung', 'Kyung Joon', 'Byun Woo Min', 'Park Hyung Joon']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Unknown,Seo Young Myung
2571,Reckless Family Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/11192-reckless-family-season-2,"Comedy,  Sitcom",Family ,"""Reckless Family Season 2"" is a sitcom that features impromptu skits around the concept of “family”.",7.1,3,38,"['Lee Kye In', 'Choi Ran', 'Ji Sang Ryeol', 'Jung Hee Chul', 'Lee Min Hyuk', 'Dan Woo']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Unknown,Unknown
2572,Hello Busking,https://mydramalist.com/21764-hello-busking,"Comedy,  Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Idol Male Lead, Short Length Series, Entertainment Industry, Miniseries ",A story about an idol who struggles to deal with problems that arise from the industry as well as his home.,7.1,8,5,"['Lee Seung Yub', 'Dowoo']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
2573,A Model Student,https://mydramalist.com/55585-a-model-student,"Crime,  Life,  Drama","Abusive Mother, Short Length Series, Miniseries, Child Abuse, Web Series ","This is the story of a little boy and his extremely strict mother, in his life there is only room for studies, but is that enough for him?",7.1,9,3,Unknown,15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2574,Trust Us and Be Patient,https://mydramalist.com/63667-trust-us-and-be-patient,"Life,  Youth","School Setting, Short Length Series, Chasing A Dream, Miniseries, High School, Web Series, Friendship ","A drama that depicts the challenges and friendship of growing high school students, where ordinary but special children unfold their dreams.(Source: Naver)",7.1,4,10,"['Han Seo Joon', 'Yoon Ye Hee', 'Park Hyung Jun']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
2575,Woman in a Veil,https://mydramalist.com/745297-secret-woman,"Thriller,  Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Married Female Lead, Married Male Lead, Death Of A Mother, Office Worker Female Lead, Heiress Female Lead, Secretary Supporting Character, Wealthy Family, Company President (CEO) Male Lead, Blind Female Lead, Picaresque ","Gyeo Ul witnesses her husband Yu Jin having an affair with her friend Ae Ra who becomes the target of her revenge. It causes Gyeo Ul to lose her eyesight and suffer from lock-in syndrome out of shock.  Gyeo Ul gets involved with Se Rin, an heiress who owns everything. Se Rin is an arrogant and cold-hearted woman who looks down on people and does not hesitate to take revenge on whoever stabs her in the back. (Source: Kocowa)",7.1,134,103,"['Shin Go Eun', 'Choi Yoon Young', 'Lee Chae Young', 'Lee Sun Ho', 'Han Ki Woong', 'Lee Eun Hyung']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Shin Chang Seok,Lee Jung Dae
2576,Sad Goodbye,https://mydramalist.com/1839-sad-goodbye,"Romance,  Drama","Age Gap [Real Life], Brothers' Relationship, Family ","This is a story about the unconditional and all-forgiving love of four brothers who after years of fighting and hatred pull together and reconcile to revive their father's business.The four brothers, each representing different generations, symbolize ordinary people living in today's world: Han Sung Jae, the soft-hearted but incapable oldest brother in his 50s, who shoulders the heavy burden of being the head of the family; Han Sang Kyu, the accomplished but selfish second brother in his 40s, who only thinks of getting rid of his family responsibilities; Han Sung Min, the third brother in his 30s who lost his job due to corporate restructuring; and, finally, Han Jung Woo, the youngest one who has just graduated from college and is yet unemployed. The lives of these four siblings represent the hardships of the unemployed of various generations. This series also asks the question about the genuine meaning of marriage by showing how married couples of various age groups work on their relationships to avert divorce.",7.1,21,60,"['Park Sun Young', 'Oh Yeon Soo', 'Kim Dong Wan', 'Lee Jong Won', 'Shin Dong Wook', 'Seo Young Hee']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,"Kim Hyoung Seok,  Moon Bo Hyun",Choi Hyun Kyung
2577,Is There Equation in Love?,https://mydramalist.com/713405-is-there-equation-in-love,Romance,"Miniseries, Short Length Series, Web Series, Friendship ",Unknown,7.1,54,5,"['Hwang Jung Ha', 'Lee Ji Yeon', 'Lee Song Kyung', 'Lee Joo Ha', 'Kim Dae Hoon', 'Ki Myoung Je']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Han Da Weon,Unknown
2578,"Smile, Mom",https://mydramalist.com/6420-smile-mom,Romance,Family ,"A drama about three women and their families. Jo Bok Hee is dealt with a huge blow when her successful daughter, Shin Dal Rae, is diagnosed with an incurable disease. Kang Shin Young is betrayed when her husband, Shin Muh Roo, continues to meet his first love, Hwang Bo Mi. When he enters the race for congressman, she runs against him.",7.1,52,50,"['Yoon Jung Hee', 'Kang Min Kyung', 'Lee Mi Sook', 'Kim Yong Gun', 'Won Jong Rye', 'Jung Han Hun']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Hong Sung Chang,Kim Soon Ok
2579,TV Novel,https://mydramalist.com/13737-tv-novel-in-still-green-days,"Historical,  Romance,  Drama,  Family",Unknown,A drama depicting coming-of-age story of a woman during the turbulent time in the seventies.,7.1,14,129,"['Song  Ha Yoon', 'Lee Hae Woo', 'Jung Yi Yeon', 'Kim Min Soo', 'Park Hyun Sook', 'Oh Mi Yun']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,"Jun Chang Geun,  Uh Soo Sun",Kim Ji Soo
2580,Summer Vacation,https://mydramalist.com/54981-summer-vacation,"Romance,  Youth,  Drama","Summer Setting, Short Length Series, Miniseries, Vacation, Web Series, Friendship ",Unknown,7.1,33,6,"['Seo Sung Hyuk', 'Cho Yeong In', 'Ki Eun Soo', 'Park Young Jae']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Kim Sang Yoon,Unknown
2581,Love of Eve,https://mydramalist.com/14148-eves-love,"Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Best Friends' Relationship, Fraternal Twin Supporting Character, Fraternal Twin Female Lead, Sisters' Relationship, Brother-Sister Relationship, Soap Opera, Deception, Multiple Mains, Lying, Revenge ","Three women share a close bond that was deeper than any friendship. Song Ah, Sen Na, and Hyun Ah were both the same age and went to the same schools. Song Ah was an especially giving friend who would do anything for a friend. She absolutely trusted Sen Na and treated her like a sister along with her twin sister Hyun Ah. She thought they would always maintain a close relationship. But she had no idea that Sen Na was planning revenge.(Source: MBC)",7.1,64,120,"['Yoon Se Ah', 'Lee Jae Hwang', 'Lee Dong Ha', 'Kim Min Kyung', 'Yoon Jong Hwa', 'Yang Geum Suk']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Lee Gye Joon,Unknown
2582,Luv Pub,https://mydramalist.com/72077-luv-pub-pilot,"Romance,  Life,  Youth,  Drama","Waitress Female Lead, Short Length Series, Lonely Female Lead, Alcoholism, Anthology, Fight, Miniseries, Web Series, Multiple Couples ",Episode 1: What happens when you waitress at a “hunting pocha”? Episode 2: Break up vs get over it if you catch your boyfriend flirting? This is why it’s scary when a girl says she understands.,7.1,77,2,"['Lee Il Hyun', 'Park In Hoo']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2583,187 cm Male Friend vs 155 cm Female Friend,https://mydramalist.com/715047-187-cm-male-friend-vs-155-cm-female-friend,"Romance,  Youth","Short Length Series, Height Difference, Miniseries, Web Series, Friends To Lovers, Meet Again, Student Female Lead, Student Male Lead, Time Skip, Jealousy ","A short, cute drama about friends-to-lovers couple, with a height difference of 30 cm. Female lead is cute girl called Lee Seul and she's 155 cm, male lead and her childhood bestfriend is Min Ki, who's 187 cm tall.(Source: IceTea_Aiste on MyDramaList)",7.1,153,3,Unknown,Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2584,Autumn Shower,https://mydramalist.com/2810-autumn-shower,"Drama,  Melodrama","Fall/Autumn Setting, Infidelity, Sismance, Love Triangle, Romance, Friendship ","A story about a man, Choi Yoon Jae, who ends up getting into a car accident causing the passenger, who is his wife, Gyoo Eun to end up in the hospital who now suffers from a coma. Park Yeon Seo is Gyoo Eun’s bestfriend, who secretly is in love with Yoon Jae. While Gyoo Eun is in a coma, her husband and bestfriend starts an affair. Will Gyoo Eun ever wake up from her coma? If so what will happen?(Source: AsianDB)",7.1,113,16,"['Jung Ryeo Won', 'Kim So Yeon', 'Oh Ji Ho', 'Lee Chun Hee', 'Han Jin Hee', 'Kim Hye Ok']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Unknown,Jo Myung Joo
2585,Tasty Life,https://mydramalist.com/3995-tasty-life,Drama,Family ,"A drama about four daughters who fall in love, marry, and go through the ups and downs of life. As the daughters of a wealthy father who works at a restaurant, the girls get involved with ill-fated people whom the father met during the time he worked as a detective.",7.1,93,39,"['Yoo Da In', 'Ryu Hyun Kyung', 'Lee Hye Ri', 'Yoon Jung Hee', 'Im Chae Moo', 'Yoo Seo Jin']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Unknown,Unknown
2586,Screen,https://mydramalist.com/5883-screen,"Romance,  Drama,  Family","Cohabitation, Love Triangle ","Kim So Hyun (Kim Tae Hee) is an orphan who lost her father at a young age. Her father, who was a movie director, died in a fire while trying to save his original movie. Having been inspired at a young age, So Hyun took up writing with a desire to make a movie someday.When So Hyun becomes a young adult, she moves into a new apartment. Due to a communication error, she ends up sharing the apartment with a handsome young man named Kim Joon Pyo (Gong Yoo). Little does she know that Song Yoo Ra (Oh Seung Hyun), a childhood classmate, has a secret crush on Joon Pyo! Coincidentally, Yoo Ra and So Hyun work at the same place - So Hyun as the theater clean-up attendant, and Yoo-Ra as a staff in the production department.Park Tae-Young (Park Jung-Chul) is another staff in the production department of the theater that So Hyun and Yoo Ra work at. He meets So Hyun and is surprised to find himself eventually falling for her. As the drama progresses, the love triangle between So Hyun, Joon Pyo, Yoo Ra, and Tae Young becomes more severe. To make things even more interesting, So Hyun eventually finds out that the fire that killed her father, may not have been an accident…  Source: koreandramasynopsis",7.1,22,18,"['Gong Yoo', 'Kim Tae Hee', 'Oh Seung Hyun', 'Ahn Jae Min', 'Park Jung Chul', 'Oh Ah Rang']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Unknown,Unknown
2587,Supernatural,https://mydramalist.com/26873-supernatural,"Comedy,  Romance,  Supernatural","Short Length Series, Special Power, Web Series ","Those who are a little less than a hero, those who are too busy living their own lives. I have powers. Not supernatural powers. Just powers. (Source: 콬TV)",7.1,18,12,"['Park Sun Woo', 'Kim Hye Yoon', 'Jo Ki Sung']",Not Yet Rated,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Unknown,Unknown
2588,Almost Famous,https://mydramalist.com/63623-almost-famous,"Romance,  Life",Web Series ,"A story of love and work following a part-timer and actress So-Ri till the day she will become the ""perfect celebrity""!",7.1,45,16,"['Kim So Ri', 'Choi Hye Jin', 'Kim Bo Ra']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
2589,Dear My Girlfriend,https://mydramalist.com/737061-dear-my-girlfriend,"Romance,  Drama","Lesbian Female Lead, Short Length Series, LGBTQ+, Miniseries, Web Series ",Unknown,7.1,20,3,Unknown,Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2590,Good People,https://mydramalist.com/17408-good-people,"Life,  Drama,  Family,  Melodrama",Wrongfully Accused ,"When Yoon Jung Won is betrayed by family and friends who she completely trusted, the realization that humans are cruel dawns upon her. This show revolves around an insurance planner who is framed for a crime that she did not commit and tries to find justice after serving out her sentence in prison. There is a message of hope in the story in that while pain is inflicted on her by people around her, she eventually finds comfort and assistance from new people she encounters later.(Source: MBC)",7.1,47,122,"['Woo Hee Jin', 'Hyun Woo Sung', 'Lee Hyo Choon', 'Nam Kyung Eup', 'Jung Ae Ri', 'Oh Mi Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Kim Heung Dong,Choi Yeon Geol
2591,Kimchi Cheese Smile,https://mydramalist.com/1925-kimchi-cheese-smile,"Mystery,  Comedy,  Drama,  Sitcom",Investigation ,"The drama is about 2 families who go from the picture perfect life to a stage life. Shin Gu runs a photo studio and his kimchee-like common class family is about to become inlaws with Seon Woo Eun-Sook's cheese-like rich class family that runs a sports center, and Kim Eul-Dong plays Shin Gu's wife. Lee Hye-Yeong plays Kim and Shin's unmarried 39 year old daughter. With the clash in class and family values, the drama is the comic events that follow when kimchee and cheese are hashed together --Dramawiki",7.1,28,121,"['Shin Goo', 'Kim Eul Dong', 'Lee Hye Young', 'Yoo Yun Ji', 'Sun Woo Eun Sook', 'Lee Byung Jin']",G - All Ages,MBC,Unknown,"Park Hye Ryun,  Kim Ki Ho,  Jo Sung Hee,  Hong Bo Hee"
2592,Terroir,https://mydramalist.com/1216-terroir,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Winery, Restaurant Setting, Tragic Past, Filmed Abroad, Sommelier, Older Man/Younger Woman, Boss-Employee Relationship ","Lee Woo Joo meets Kang Tae Min, a man who was taught in the art of tasting wine. Tae Min inherited the wine production from his family and opens Woo Joo's eyes to the world of wine. He has a steady relationship with his girlfriend, Ji Seon, but wavers when he meets the spunky Woo Joo. Joey Park has a deep, dark secret that has haunted him for most of his life. He accidentally set the fire that killed Tae Min's parents. How will Tae Min feel when he learns that a friend caused his parents' death?(Source: DramaWiki)",7.1,151,20,"['Han Hye Jin', 'Kim  Joo Hyuk', 'Ki Tae Young', 'Yoo  Sun', 'Jeon Soo Kyung', 'Min Joon Hyun']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Kim Young Min,Hwang Sung Goo
2593,Number Woman Gye Sook Ja,https://mydramalist.com/25516-number-woman-gye-sook-ja,"Comedy,  Romance","Workplace Setting, Office Setting, Office Worker Female Lead, Workplace Romance, Miniseries, Web Series ","Gye Sook Ja is a recruiting team leader of an enormous game company. She is gifted with extraordinary memories and computation abilities, but she tries to quantify everything in the world and is regarded as “cold-blooded” among the people around her.Lee Hae Joon is a successful lawyer working with international children’s rights. He tries to help Gye Sook Ja overcome the pain and trauma of her past.(Source: Soompi)",7.1,14,10,"['Jeon Hye Bin', 'Ahn Woo Yeon', 'Yoo Hee Do', 'Seo Yun Hyuk', 'Han Gyu Won', 'Ahn Eun Jin']",Not Yet Rated,Oksusu,Unknown,Unknown
2594,Mysterious Nurse,https://mydramalist.com/32294-nurse-who-suddenly-appeared,"Romance,  Drama,  Medical,  Fantasy","Miniseries, Psychiatrist Male Lead, Nurse Female Lead, Doctor Male Lead, Foresee Death, Eccentric Female Lead, Psychological, Nightmare, Supernatural Power, Healing ",A fantasy romance about a woman who can see the death in people due to an accident and a psychiatrist who finds real happiness after a downfall in life.(Source: Soompi),7.1,62,6,"['Lee Sung Jong', 'Jang Hee Ryung', 'Kim Won Shik', 'Kim Seo Jung', 'Hwang Jung In', 'Park So Young']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Unknown,Unknown
2595,Empress Myeongseong,https://mydramalist.com/2484-empress-myeongseong,"Historical,  Drama",Unknown,"The drama is about the life of the last Korean empress, Empress Myung Sung.",7.2,27,124,"['Choi Myung Gil', 'Lee Mi Yeon', 'Lee Jin Woo', 'Lee In', 'Moon Geun Young', 'Hong Il Kwon']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Yoon Chang Bum,Jung Ha Yeon
2596,"30,000 Miles in Search of My Son",https://mydramalist.com/3112-30000-miles-in-search-of-my-son,"Comedy,  Romance","Naive Female Lead, Love Triangle, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Hardworking Female Lead, Single Mother Female Lead, Weak Male Lead ","Soon Young is a single mother who lost her son 5 years ago. She spends her time trying to find her lost son. Little does she know that Kang Kye Pil, the heir of a conglomerate, found her son 5 years ago and has been raising him ever since.",7.0,20,21,"['Lee Chae Young', 'Oh Min Suk', 'Lee Hoon', 'So Yoo Jin', 'Seo Dong Won', 'Choi Ran']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Unknown,Unknown
2597,"AI, Her",https://mydramalist.com/58643-ai-her,"Thriller,  Sci-Fi","Anthology, Miniseries, Artificial Intelligence, Filmed Abroad, Suspense ","NewPlus original series, ""AI, Her"" is a sci-fi thriller of stories of various characters that start with the collapse of the boundaries between artificial intelligence and humans in an age when human brain information and experience are transmitted to computers.(Source: MyDramaList)",7.0,31,3,"['Yang Ji', 'Im Do Hwa', 'Jang Tae Young', 'Seong Hye Min', 'Lee Ji Yong', 'Park Ga Bi']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Lee Jung Sub,Unknown
2598,Short Paper,https://mydramalist.com/692557-short-paper-season-1-side-story,"Romance,  Youth","School Setting, Short Length Series, University, Miniseries, Web Series, Student ",Unknown,7.0,8,3,Unknown,Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
2599,Turned on by You,https://mydramalist.com/728707-turned-on-by-you,Romance,"Short Length Series, Ex-Boyfriend Comes Back, Sexual Tension, Miniseries, Friends To Lovers, Web Series, Friendship ","Revealing N? Who and what is that? A bowl too big for Confucianism to hold, this is Seo Woo's love story.(Source: Korean = 니은 슈트디오 YouTube || Translation = MyDramaList)",7.1,54,6,"['Park Sun Woo', 'Koo Geum Bi', 'Kim Sung Hyun']",Not Yet Rated,"Naver TV Cast,  vLive",Unknown,Unknown
2600,White Lies,https://mydramalist.com/1232-white-lies,"Romance,  Family","Neurodevelopmental Disorder, Brothers' Relationship, Soap Opera, Poor Female Lead, Infidelity, Mother-Son Relationship, Autism, Disability, Arranged Marriage, Rich Man/Poor Woman ","Seo Eun Young and Kang Jung Woo are happy, engaged-to-be-married couple. Suddenly, when Eun Young was pregnant, Jung Woo abandoned her to marry Na Kyung, a rich woman. The new couple then went to study abroad for 5 years. Meanwhile, Eun Young works as a nurse in a hospital. Kang Hyung Woo, who is one of her patients, becomes obsessed with her. Hyung Woo's mother, Madam Shin, a department store owner, then wants Eun Young to marry her son.",7.0,122,159,"['Shin Eun Kyung', 'Kim Yoo Suk', 'Kim Hae Sook', 'Jin Tae Hyun', 'Kang Suk Jung', 'Jeong Hee Tae']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,"Bae Han Chul,  Lee Min Soo",Jo Eun Jung
2601,Want a Taste?,https://mydramalist.com/40921-wanna-taste,"Food,  Romance,  Drama","Infidelity, Multiple Couples, School Setting, Restaurant Setting, Screenwriter Male Lead, Married Female Lead, Married Male Lead, Restaurateur Female Lead, Age Gap [Drama Life], Age Gap [Real Life] ","Hae Jin is 36-years-old. She is married to Jin Sang, who is 6 years younger than her, and they have a daughter Yoo Ri. Hae Jin runs a restaurant that she took over from her father-in-law. She supported her husband Jin Sang while he studied to enter a university. Because of Hae Jin, Jin Sang is now attending a prestigious university, but he has an affair with Joo Ri. She is the young daughter of a rich family. Hae Jin becomes aware of her husband's affair, but she doesn't want a divorce. Meanwhile, Dae Gu appears in front of Hae Jin. Dae Gu is a drama series writer. He was once in demand for his screenwriting, but his popularity has waned. His marriage life is not doing well either.(Source: AsianWiki)",7.0,161,124,"['Shim Yi Young', 'Seo Do Young', 'Seo Ha Joon', 'An So Jin', 'Lee Seul Ah', 'Choi Woo Suk']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,SBS,Yoon Ryu Hae,Kim Do Hyun
2602,Age of Heroes,https://mydramalist.com/5437-age-of-heroes,Drama,Unknown,"The story is centered on the rise and fall of two major industrialists in South Korea during the second half of the 20th century, depicting the life and times of the founders of Hyundai and Samsung groups. (Source: JoongAng Daily)",7.0,9,70,"['Cha In Pyo', 'Kim Dong Soo', 'Kim Jee Soo', 'Yoon Ji Yoo', 'Lee Hye Sook', 'Lee Dae Ro']",13+ - Teens 13 or older,MBC,"Kim Jin Min,  Park Hong Kyun",Lee Hwan Kyung
2603,What Is Mom,https://mydramalist.com/5499-what-is-mom,"Comedy,  Sitcom",Family ,"This drama tells the story of a mom who stays with her children again after her children become jobless.Na Moon Hee is the owner of a noodle shop. Her already independent children stay in their own houses. But after becoming jobless, her children come back home again and work together in her noodle shop.(Source: koreandrama.org)",7.0,79,27,"['Na Moon Hee', 'Kim Sae Ron', 'Lee Ye Sun', 'Son Jin Young', 'Koo Ja Myung', 'Seo Yi Ahn']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,MBC,Unknown,Son Geun Joo
2604,Ugly Miss Young Ae Season 13,https://mydramalist.com/9742-ugly-miss-young-ae-season-13,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life,  Drama",Family ,"A drama about the stress experienced in the workplace and the plain bias about overweight, unmarried women.",7.0,7,16,"['Kim Hyun Sook', 'Lee Seung Joon', 'Oh  Seung Yun', 'Song Min Hyung', 'Yoon Seo Hyun', 'Han Ki Woong']",Not Yet Rated,tvN,Han Sang Jae,"Baek Sun Woo,  Myung Soo Hyun,  Choi Bo Rim,  Han Sul Hee"
2605,Thumbs Up Feeds Me,https://mydramalist.com/62243-thumbs-up-feed-me,"Comedy,  Drama","Co-workers' Relationship, Workplace Setting, Short Length Series, Mentor-Mentee, Internship, Entertainment Industry, Miniseries, Web Series ",A webdrama that talks about the daily office life of the content PDs and the interns at Lululala.,7.0,25,10,"['Choi Min Kyu', 'Eyedi', 'Han Seo Joon', 'Kwon Ah Reum', 'Yoo Dong Guk', 'Bae Woo Hee']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
2606,Four Sisters,https://mydramalist.com/2347-four-sisters,"Romance,  Drama","Second Chance Romance, Multiple Couples ","Hae Jung is the eldest of four sisters, and is kind and giving to her younger sisters - even though she's actually their half-sister. In contrast, second sister Yu Jin is ambitious and straightforward, and cares deeply for family friend Young Hoon, causing plenty of problems for everyone else! Third sister Yu Mi is materialistic and gets engaged to a rich gentleman despite having another, more suitable lover. And fourth sister Yu Sun is a high school student with a heart problem - and ardent love for her high school teacher! As the years pass, each sister struggles to find true love, and conflicts and difficulties arise. But through it all, they remain true to each other.(Source: YesAsia)",7.0,93,20,"['Hwang Soo Jung', 'Chae Rim', 'Ahn Yun Hong', 'Park Ye Jin', 'Han Jae Suk', 'Kim Chan Woo']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Lee Jin Suk,Oh Soo Yun
2607,72 Seconds Season 2,https://mydramalist.com/32476-72-seconds-season-2,"Comedy,  Romance,  Life","Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series ",Unknown,7.0,28,8,"['Jin Kyung Hwan', 'Jang Hee Ryung', 'Pyo Ye Jin']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Jin Kyung Hwan,Unknown
2608,Cheers for the Women,https://mydramalist.com/7512-cheers-for-the-women,Romance,Unknown,"A naive woman who was betrayed by her fiance finally finds true love and her true identity after going through successive blunders. Da Young is twenty-nine, yet naive enough to believe in pure love. Amid all the stress, there's one thing that keeps her hanging on to her boyfriend. But he dumps her and she tries to take revenge.",7.0,5,16,"['Chae Rim', 'Chae Shi Ra', 'Kim Se Yoon', 'Kim Chan Woo', 'Sung Chang Hoon', 'Lee Sang Eun']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Unknown,Unknown
2609,"Shh, Please Take Care of Him",https://mydramalist.com/695143-shh-please-take-care-of-him,"Comedy,  Drama,  Melodrama","Adapted From A Web Novel, Female Centered Plot, Vengeful Female Lead, Female Lead Action Scenes, Miniseries, Web Series, Revenge, Sismance, Friendship ","On behalf of female clients, Bok Soo Hae will take revenge upon the trashy men who have hurt them. With each act of revenge, a mysterious man appears on the scene. (Source: Naver; edited by Lee C at MyDramaList)~~ Adapted from the web novel ""Shh, Take Care of Him"" (쉿, 그놈을 부탁해) by Meon Na Mu (먼나무).",7.0,24,3,"['Kim Seul Gi', 'Song Ji Eun', 'Lee Joo Woo', 'Kang Yul', 'Kim Min Seok', 'Song Ji Woo']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,Unknown,Lee Jung Hoon,Unknown
2610,The One Serving House,https://mydramalist.com/713655-1-person-house,"Comedy,  Romance,  Drama","Short Length Series, Miniseries, Web Series ","Depicts the lives of people with different backgrounds of growth, living in a single-person house.(Source: Naver)",7.0,7,8,"['Jin So Yeon', 'Lee Yoo Jin', 'Lee Jung Joon', 'Jung Min Gyu', 'Choi Hui Seung']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Unknown,Unknown
2611,Sound Candy,https://mydramalist.com/749051-sound-candy,Drama,"ASMR, Miniseries, Web Series ","A group of young individuals with different backgrounds come together at a pension located in Jeju. They rediscover their love and friendship through the mystery of ""Sound Candy.""(Source: MyDramaList)",7.0,83,10,"['Choi Yoo Jung', 'Kim Jong Hyeon', 'Hanjun', 'Baek Seo Hoo']",G - All Ages,TVING,Kang Hee Ju,Unknown
2612,Dangerous Woman,https://mydramalist.com/3069-dangerous-woman,"Business,  Romance,  Drama,  Melodrama","Soap Opera, Family, Comedy ",A drama about a daughter of an entrepeneur fighting against a plot to take over her father's business.,7.0,11,124,"['Go Eun Mi', 'Kim Jung Hyun', 'Hwang Bo Ra', 'Sun Woo Eun Sook', 'Yeo Hyun Soo', 'Nam Yoon Jung']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Lee Min Soo,Lee Hong Goo
2613,Madam Cha Dal Rae's Love,https://mydramalist.com/30660-madam-cha-dal-rae-s-love,"Comedy,  Romance,  Family,  Melodrama",Unknown,"This drama is about 3 middle age-women, Cha Jin Ok, Oh Dal Sook and Nam Mi Rae. They are friends who graduated from the same high school and they believe they are leading happy lives, but they face a crisis in their lives.(Source: KoreanDrama.org)",7.0,30,100,"['Ha Hee Ra', 'Ahn Sun Young', 'Go Eun Mi', 'Kim Eung Soo', 'Kim Hyung Beom', 'Jung Wook']",15+ - Teens 15 or older,KBS2,Go Young Tak,Choi Soon Shik
2614,Days in the Sun,https://mydramalist.com/1207-days-in-the-sun,Romance,"Swindler Male Lead, Poverty, Attempted Sexual Assault, Fraud, Heartbreak, Cohabitation, Female Chases Male First, Rich Man/Poor Woman, Poor Male Lead, Rich Male Lead ","Hee Ju and Tae Kyong are friends who work at a hotel. During a violent bank robberty, Hee Ju is unaware that her cash is stolen by sneaky Dong Wook who happens to be next to her at the time of the robbery. Tae Kyong in the meantime is attracted to Seung Joon, a hotel guest. After an unfortunate incident at the hotel, Hee Ju and Tae Kyong move to Seoul where their paths cross with Dong Wook and Seung Joon.",7.0,21,16,"['Ha Ji Won', 'Ji Sung', 'Kim Jee Soo', 'Kim Ho Jin', 'Lee  Han Wi', 'Jang  Hang Sun']",Not Yet Rated,KBS2,Unknown,Unknown
2615,Great Great,https://mydramalist.com/5576-great-great,"Comedy,  Romance","Co-workers' Relationship, Workplace Setting, Family ","This show follows the antics of two toy company co-workers, Kwon Oh Joong and Park Ji Sup, who both like a third co-worker, Woon Cho Ah. (Source: DramaWiki)",7.0,5,22,"['So Ji Sub', 'Kwon Oh Jung', 'Kim Sun Ah', 'Kim Hyo Jin', 'Kim Ki Hyun', 'Im Hyun Shik']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Unknown,Unknown
2616,Seoul Warrior Story,https://mydramalist.com/5884-seoul-warrior-story,Action,Unknown,"Kim Dong Hae is a college graduate who finds out one day that he is very skilled in martial arts. He meets So Chung Bi, a martial arts expert, and together they fight other villains.",7.0,5,16,"['Jang Hee Jin', 'Park Ki Woong', 'Lee Ju Seok', 'Park Lydia', 'Lee Yoon Jung', 'Hong Kyung Yun']",Not Yet Rated,MBC,Lee Jeong Hyo,Baek Young Sook
2617,Hong Gil Dong,https://mydramalist.com/9019-hong-gil-dong,"Action,  Historical,  Romance,  Drama",Hong Gil Dong ,"Based on a fictional book about a Robin Hood in Korea, Hong Gildong, this drama is very loosely based off of that book and the time it was set in.",7.0,6,16,"['Kim Won Hee', 'Kim Suk Hoon', 'Lee Jong Won', 'Yoo Tae Woong', 'Jung Sung Mo', 'Lee Kye In']",Not Yet Rated,SBS,Jung Se Ho,Lee Han Ho
2618,Purity,https://mydramalist.com/12477-purity,"Romance,  Drama,  Family","Forbidden Love, Step-siblings Love ","This drama depicts four people who are in love with each other and face various kinds of difficulties that arise from the twist of fate, the choice between love and friendship, and the fear of love. They finally overcome their obstacles through understanding each other and realize that love can be in its true form when it is 'pure' not shadowed by jealousy and hate. One day, Jin Woo, a 7-year-old boy, gets glad to see Eun Hee (Hae Jin in later years) who came to live with him, but three month later, Jin Woo reluctantly had to let Eun Hee leave for her uncle's. Twenty years later, Hyun Seok, kind of a playboy, shares his umbrella with Hae Jin who was worried about going home in the rain at the radio station. Jin Woo, now a director working at the radio station, falls in love with Hae Jin, a writer, at a first sight.[Source: korean-drama-guide.com]",7.0,5,16,"['Ryu Shi Won', 'Han Jae Suk', 'Lee Bon', 'Myung Se Bin', 'Jung Dong Hwan', 'Kim Hae Sook']",Not Yet Rated,Unknown,Yoon Seok Ho,Choi Ho Yeon
2619,Dreaming CEO,https://mydramalist.com/13609-dreaming-ceo,"Comedy,  Romance","Blogger Female Lead, Miniseries, Web Series ","Oh Jung Gi is a successful businessman in the Information Technology industry, whose joy in life is work. He works so hard that there is no time for anything else, and every day is as if through a war. Han Gum Yi is a strong and cheerful girl with a carefree spirit. She has her own blog, where she gathers recipes from around the world. Somehow, fate will make these two live together. The cheerful girl affect the nature of the businessman, infecting him with optimism and courage to try new things.",7.0,21,6,"['Baek Sung Hyun', 'Jeon Ji Yoon']",Not Yet Rated,Naver TV Cast,Unknown,Unknown
